“You alright?”
“Sleeping in the office. It’s fine, don’t worry about me. Have we got everything set up for today?”
“Not much needs to be set up. I think based on your current state I’ll be the one going into the airport.” Allison was about to protest but took a look down at herself. 
“Fine. I can’t argue with that. I’ll wire you up like we did at Excalibur.”
“That’s fine. I don’t think anything will happen in there that’ll be worth wiring but. It’ll work.” Harry pulled the code breakers from his pocket. “We should be ready for any eventuality. If this is a meeting spot for more clubs then we should consider the possibility that I’ll be attacked in the airport.”
“I’ll contact security before we leave, I’ll put them on high alert. Let them know to watch out for someone wearing… teal.” She had finally noticed the shirt he had on. To be fair to himself, Harry felt he should point out that he didn’t have any other shirts left that didn’t need to be washed. Not that that would have proven his point. He simply shrugged.
“I can handle myself in a scuffle too. Not forever, and not if I’m out numbered but.”
“Sure. Go ahead and wait outside, I’ll make the call now. Then we can head out.”

The airport was busy. The airport was always busy. They were currently on the top level of the parking lot, and Allison was once again mic’ing him. This would be a lot less tense, Harry was expected to stay in a public space the entire time. But it was just in case.
He nodded to Allison as he made his way to the airport terminal and headed inside. The throes of people seemed to swell and get larger, and Harry instantly recognize that this was a bad idea. It was currently 4:15. He had 45 minutes to calm his brain and make it to the Terminal 2 arrivals and departures board, and this was already not going to plan. He was starting to shrink, as he got surrounded by the throngs of people moving too and fro. He knew the airport would be busy but this was absurd. The amount of people inside must number in the thousands. There was no way the terminal was big enough to support this amount of people. 
And definitely not when they were this size. They were towering over Harry now, and he felt like an ant. He turned around and saw that the terminal entrance had disappeared behind a wall of people. Harry started to panic. His previous hallucination of this level had distorted time to the point that he had taken 5 seconds to pass 5 minutes. Anything on that level would mean he’d be late and miss the terminal board. He had to push through, so he turned back towards the internals of the terminal and started to navigate his way through people’s legs. 
He was suddenly snapped back to… reality? A man was tapping him on the shoulder and he felt it necessary to respond. The man was short, stubby, and looked to be lost. Why he was tapping Harry’s shoulder of all people he could not tell, but he might as well find out. 
“Yes?”
“Sorry sir, I need to you to come this way.” He pointed towards a Southwest Airlines check in desk. 
“Why?”
“You’re expected.”
“I severely doubt that, I don’t have any flights booked.”
“But I thought we had you on the list.” The man looked down at a clipboard that had appeared in his hand. Harry looked at it and tried to make out what was written on it, but it was incomprehensible. He just shook his head and gave up trying to understand.
“I have to go now.”
“I guess.” The man turned and vanished. Not into a group of people, he quite literally vanished from Harry’s sight. Well, this was going just splendidly. Harry instinctively reaching into his pocket for his pocket watch, but remembered that it wasn’t there. He instead grabbed his deck of cards and started to idly shuffle it one handed. He was walking through Terminal 1, towards Terminal 2. So far so good. He was getting near the arrivals and departures board for Terminal 1 when a line of wheelchairs crossed in front of him. 
The train was dozens of chairs long. All of which contained an exact duplicate of the same person. An older, white hair, balding gentleman who looked at Harry as he was wheeled past. Every single copy of him did the same motion, turning their heads to look at him just as they passed in front of where Harry was waiting for the group to pass. One. Two. Three…. Forty-Five. Forty-Six. Hell there looked to be a hundred more. This would take all night at this rate, he needed to find a way around them. He looked to his left, where the airline check in desks were situated and made his way towards them. The wheelchairs were emanating from a door behind the desks, but that wasn’t going to stop Harry from doing what he was about to do.
He jumped up onto the desk timed his jump carefully, and leapt over the wheelchairs between the pushers. His bad leg caught the edge of the desk on the other side and he stumbled on landing. He caught himself and hoisted himself down before doing any more damage, to either the desk or his leg. Speaking of which, a jolting pain shot through Harry’s bad leg, reminding him that the painkillers he’d been swallowing like candy were only temporary. The hallucinations had blocked out the pain and he realized for the first time that he hadn’t been limping at all until this very moment. The leg failed him and he fell to the ground, kneeling.
This airport was cursed. It had to be. Everything in it seemed insistent on preventing him from getting to the other end. All he had to do was cross into Terminal 2, walk to the arrivals/departures board, read the coded message, and leave. Bloody hell a child could do it, and here he was on the ground, dry crying from the pain in his missing gap of thigh muscle, having made little to no progress. He didn’t even have his watch to check how long it had been since he entered the airport. He’d have to hope that it wasn’t long. A few deep breaths did nothing to clear the pain, so Harry tried to find the painkillers he knew were in his pocket. At least, they were supposed to be in his pocket. To no one’s shock or surprise, they… were not in his pocket. Did he just forget to put them in there or was his mind playing tricks on him? No way to tell, not now. The hallucination would have to pass before he’d know for sure. 
The leg was just going to have to cooperate, Harry decided. Up he got, limping his way into Terminal 2. Which mean that, even though it felt like he had already run a marathon, he was only halfway. This terminal did not look like it was going to be much better. Much to Harry’s chagrin. 
He was immediately greeted by pandemonium in the front side of the Terminal. There was a family there, clearly a child had spilled something. An airport worker was yelling at the dad, and the mom was yelling directions at a poor janitor who was currently directing a fleet of janitors (larger than any Harry had ever seen) to surround the spill and prepare to clean up. The janitors were like little ants, all streaming forth from a closet door off to the right, facing the street. Harry wanted to laugh; it was so comical. The closet was acting like a clown car, and janitors seemed to infinitely pour forth into the terminal to clean up this spilled orange juice. 
Harry pushed forward and realized, with great embarrassment and nuisance, that he was going to have to go directly through the spilled juice to get through. The chattering wall of janitors was not going to allow him entrance at any point. He put his foot squarely in the center of the orange juice and gently nudged the father out of the way as he slipped behind him. He knew that the entirety of the janitorial staff was looking at him now, but he had to commit, there wasn’t a choice to be made anymore. He had to admit though, he felt pretty self-conscious that people were looking at his limp as he went past. No matter, he had to push forward. 
The board was in his view, just at the edge of his vision. It felt like he was so close now, if he just kept going it would be right in his hands. Slowly but surely he limped his way there, step after monotonous step. He was just about to get there when he felt a hand on his chest and looked down to see that security guard had stopped him.
“Sir, I’m going to need to search you.”
“What? What for?”
“Some people have reported that you’re acting strangely, they think you might be on drugs.”
“Bloody hell, I’ve been trying to cross this terminal for the past…” Harry realized he had no idea how long he had been trying to cross the terminal. Fuck it, better make up a number. “twenty minutes. And I keep getting stopped along the way. To say it is inconvenient would be an understatement. I just want to get to that board over there.”
“I know sir, but I’ll need to search you.”
“Sergeant Allison Hayes should have called ahead. I’m Harry Flynn. You’re supposed to be watching my back.”
“I have no recollection of that call, nor did we receive any orders to that effect.”
“God dammit. Fine. Fine, search me, do whatever you need to do.”
“I’m going to need you to come with me, into this back room here.”
“You’re not real either, are you?” 
“Excuse me sir?”
“You’re a hallucination like…” Harry was proven correct when a chime rang out across the terminal and the guard vanished in a puff of smoke. The chime indicated that it was now nearly 5 o’clock. Harry looked around in awe. He must have just woken up, the terminal was at a much more reasonable level of occupation now than it had been all afternoon. The departures and arrivals board was beckoning, and Harry quickly pulled the code breaker from his pocket as he approached. 
He would not make it. His bad leg gave out as he was limping towards the board, perhaps on cue. There was a motion out of the corner of his eye and likely his spinal cord had made the decision before his brain had ever received the information. He ducked right under a lady grabbing at him, at the perfect angle where he could trip her over his foot. She took a tumble and Harry stood, turning to face her. 
Her face reconnected a memory in Harry’s subconscious. He braced himself as he found himself standing over her, before, in the rain. He looked around, moving his arms as he did so. He noticed them leave a ghostly imprint of their original location behind, as if he was stuck inside a memory he could not control. The ghost version of himself turned to the lady and yelled.
“Leave me and my wife alone, I’m done. You should know this.”
“Ten of Spades, stand down.”
“That’s not my name. My name is Harry Flynn. And you’re…” Harry snapped back to reality just as his memory caught up with him. “The King of Clubs.” She looked up at him in fear. “You know we’ve been in this position before.”