Part 2: The King of Clubs
Harry was drunk. Extremely, undeniably, drunk. He’d gone three days in a row with consecutive hallucinations and he had decided his only means of escape was to shut his brain down completely. First he had watched as his hands melted, leaving him unable to pick anything up, let alone wipe his ass. That was a bit crude, but Harry didn’t care. Then the next day his cup of tea emptied itself every time he tried to drink from it. That was more annoying than anything. Then today he thought he saw his wife in the casino. But that wasn’t possible, he was pretty sure she was dead. 
He still found it weird to accept that she was his wife. Saying the words out loud still ceased to feel comfortable, and every time Harry thought about it seemed wrong. Ex-wife did no good either. He had no memories of the Syndicate but he had even less of his lover. Like something was blocking that part of his memory specifically. He couldn’t remember the Syndicate, but it was like his brain was actively working against him in remembering his wife. 
“Give me another vesper.” Harry said, remarkably controlled. Anyone who didn’t know Harry might have assumed him sober, which is why Harry was a bit offended when someone tapped him on the shoulder. Nobody could come here and tell him he looked drunk yet, he was four cocktails away from that point yet. Time slowed to a crawl. Shit, not now.
Harry saw in the reflection of the cocktail shaker a man, about mid fourties, with an intense grey beard. His hand had just tapped Harry’s shoulder and was now retreating towards his belt. The colors on the shaker started to blend together, obscuring the image and turning into an overwhelming cacophony of colors. They spread out from the shaker and started to spread along the bartender’s arm. Harry had seen just enough to duck, right as time returned to normal speed and the man took a swing at the back of his head. Unfortunately, the limited mental capacity afforded to Harry by his alcohol intake meant that he overshot and banged his head on the bar top.
His assailant looked at him confusedly before taking a swing at his gut. Harry couldn’t dodge this one, and his hand was nursing the bump on his head so he took the full brunt of the blow directly in his side. He coughed and stumbled off the stool. He saw a security guard from the casino floor start to run over to where he was seated (now on the floor) and prayed he’d get there before the next blow landed.
He was not so lucky, the kick came fast and smashed the side of Harry’s shoulder against the front of the bar. He was disoriented for a second. The pain was unbearable now, he was pretty sure that he had just dislocated his shoulder and tried to grab at it with his right hand. The effort was futile, he meekly gave up and raised his arm to try surrender.
“Why… are you doing this?” He coughed up some blood. That’s not good. 
“The King of Clubs sends his regards. Stay out of our business.” The assailant dropped a playing card into Harry’s lap and walked away. He put his hands up in deference when the security guard accosted him. The quarrel was over, and the guard let the man go. He came over to where Harry was sprawled across the floor, his last strength failing to keep him supported against the bar. The security guard got to him just as his body failed and his head hit the floor. He had just enough time to grab the card in his hand and slip it into his pocket.

“You seem to make a habit of ending up in the hospital.” Allison. She was taking a whiff of her cigar, neatly packaged. It was a thank you gift from Harry, in his drunken stupor the first day after taking down the King of Hearts he had found it in a contraband shop a few casino employees ran out of the Treasure Island construction site. “Can’t smoke in here.” That answers that question.
“What did you do?”
“What do you mean?” Harry felt a sharp bolt of pain as he tried to lean up. He gripped his shoulder and rubbed it to make the pain go away. 
“I got attacked.”
“I bloody well know that.”
“No one should have known who I was.” He used his bad arm to point to his pants across the room. They were draped across a chair. “Right side front pocket.” Allison obeyed the nonverbal command and rifled through the pocket, turning up nothing. 
“You sure?” Allison moved to the other pocket. Maybe Harry made a mistake. She pulled a playing card out of Harry’s left pocket and flipped it around. The three of clubs. 
“I was certain I put it into my right pocket. I used my right hand.” Harry shook his head. He didn’t understand. 
“Well, clearly not.” She handed the card to Harry. “What happened?”
“Beat me up at the bar. I was drinking to try and… you know. Anyway. Whispered something in my ear.” He rapped his fingers across the side of the hospital bed trying to remember what it was. “The King of Clubs sends his regards. Stay out of our business.”
“That’s what he said?” Harry noticed that Allison was writing down everything he said. When did that notepad make its way into her hands? He must have been looking somewhere else. Was that the pen she gave him at the Excalibur? 
“Word for word.”
“Where were you?”
“Bar at the Mirage.”
“So they’d have security cameras then. Come on, get your ass out of bed.”
“I’m injured.”
“Crime doesn’t take any days off. You said it yourself, you didn’t have much time. It’s been three days without a lead and they practically gift wrapped one for us.” Allison threw Harry’s pants at him. “They’ll record over that tape in 6 hours, they normally only keep tapes for 24 hours there.”
“I haven’t been discharged.” Harry was putting up a protest. It felt easier to give up now than continue. And the pain in his shoulder was screaming at him to stop, that this journey only contained more aggression. He sighed. Allison made a good argument, he really didn’t have time to stop. He grabbed his kidney in pain as he stood up. “Ahh fuck.” 
“What?”
“Kidney. It’s fine.” He lowered his legs to the floor. “I’ll meet you outside.” 

True to his word, though it took him nearly half an hour to hobble his way to the door, Harry met Allison outside the hospital. The nurse had protested when he discharged himself, but gave up the fight when he promised to return for a checkup tomorrow. He did, however, refuse to leave without a bottle of ibuprofen, which he was already prolifically consuming as he walked out the front door. 
“Jesus Christ Harry, you look worse than I thought.”
“Did you read the injury list?” He asked, mostly rhetorically. Of course she hadn’t. He was just an asset to her. He could see in her face that he was correct. “Ruptured kidney, dislocated shoulder, mild concussion. I didn’t see or feel it but apparently I have a torn ligament in my knee too.”
“Shit.”
“Yeah.” Harry pulled open the car door. He shoved the bottle of ibuprofen into his pocket with the playing card and took a seat.
“I see why you were so reluctant to leave.”
“They had me on the good shit back there.” He gave a sideways glare at Allison. “Let’s just go. Like you said, not a lot of time.” 

The duos progress to the security center in the Mirage was severely hindered by Harry’s pain. He had to stop every couple dozen steps to catch his breath, the stiches in his abdomen threatening to tear at any juncture. He didn’t remember them putting in stiches, nor did he understand why they wouldn’t. But there they were. He could see them plain as day. He could feel them too, but only in his fingers. 
“What do you keep feeling your stomach for?”
“My stiches.”
“You don’t have any stiches.” Allison stopped to look at him.
“Yes, I do. Right here.” He pointed and felt nothing. “What?” Allison came closer and pulled up Harry’s shirt. 
“See. Nothing.”
“What the fuck.” Harry shrugged his eyebrows. “This is a bad situation. Either I have stitches and that’s bad, or I don’t and I’m hallucinating… and that’s bad.”
“Nothing ever goes right with you Harry.” She shook her head and called the elevator. 

The interior of the security center was notably dark. Harry couldn’t tell anymore if that was just his eyes or the actual construction of the room and he had to whisper to Allison to find out which explanation was correct. She responded by saying that the room was just unusually dark, and neither of the two was really sure why. There were a bevy of computer monitors about the room, but they didn’t provide any more light than the dim and dying incandescent bulbs they had installed in the ceiling. 
“Found it.” The Chief of security was rifling through a box of VHS tapes. The box indicated that the tapes were specifically from the bar cameras, and each tape had a time stamp and camera number scrawled on the side. He inserted the tape into a tape player nearby and fast forwarded to when Harry said his assault started. 
“Stop. There.” Harry pointed at the man approaching behind him. In the video Harry could see that the man didn’t just have a grey beard, he had a bit of a grey ponytail too. Allison winced as Harry banged his head on the bar top and took a blow to the kidney.  Near the end of the fight the man turned just enough to face vaguely towards the camera. Allison slapped the security chief’s arm. 
“Stop, stop, stop there.” He paused and Allison was studying the image. She looked disturbed. 
“What?”
“I recognize that man.” 
“What?” Harry was a broken record. Literally. He looked down at his hand and saw a spindle. 
“He’s… He’s nobody.”
“Bullshit Allison. You dragged me out here, you’ve demanded your fair share of answers from me. Spit it out.” She shook her head and sighed, pacing around the room. Finally she stopped. 
“You, out.” She pointed at the security chief. He shrugged and walked away, through a door into the hallway. “The man in the video. He’s my niece’s husband. Ex-husband. They divorced two years ago.”
“Are you sure?”
“Completely.”
“Fuck. Fuck.” Harry kicked a table with his good leg. “We can’t let this conflict of interest get out.”
“I have more bad news. The FBI has been coming around trying to get the case from us. Taking down the diamonds brought a lot of heat to the department.”
“If they hear about this we won’t have a case anymore.” Allison looked at him.
“You don’t think I’ve fucking realized that?”
“I do, the problem is you’re not the one with prison time hanging over your head. Whether we bring down the Syndicate or not, I’m probably going to prison. But bringing them down at least gives me the chance of being lucid when I do so.” He cursed some more under his breath. He collapsed over in pain and fell into a chair nearby. “Christ this has been a bad day.” Allison looked like she almost felt bad about this turn of events. Harry shook his head.
“It’s not your fault. You couldn’t have known it would be him, and you didn’t know I’d been beaten up. I just need to let off some steam, things have been falling apart quicker than normal recently.” It wasn’t his best motivational speech nor apology, and he knew that. But it was the best he could muster at the moment. 
