Allison saw him speed walking towards the front door and joined him in due time. He was nervously shuffling his deck near the loading bay doors when Allison finally appeared. She looked frustrated.
“Why the hell are you all the way over here?”
“Needed to be somewhere out of sight, out of your office where they may have bugged it.”
“For what?” Harry closed the deck into one of his hands and produced the key in his other.
“Diana gave me this. It’s the key to her apartment.”
“Did she say that?”
“No, but I’m pretty sure it is. It wouldn’t fit anything else.”
“No, but did she say it.”
“Ah. No she slipped it under my pocket watch.”
“You gave her your pocket watch?” Allison saw a uniformed officer approaching and signaled to Harry that he needed to look busy for a moment. He obliged and fanned the deck.
“Pick a card.” He said. The officer walked past and rolled his eyes. Once he was surely inside Harry returned to the question at hand. “Yes, I did. And I promised her we’d get her out of prison. Which means we need to put our heads together and start making some headway on the King of Clubs.”
“Why did you do that Harry? We don’t have nearly the kind of reach or influence the FBI has. Besides. She tried to kill you.” 
“She tried to assault me.” He corrected her. The distinction was important in court but probably not here. 
“So what? I don’t understand what you see in her.”
“She deserves a second chance.”
“Everybody wants a second chance, but not everyone gets one. I think it’s time we let her go. She’s been useful, and we can get the codebook from her apartment, but after that we shouldn’t let her presence hinder our investigation.”
“I made her a promise Allison. I think you’re just mad because you can’t understand why someone like me would want to do something like this. If I was that cop who had just walked past, trying to save a teenage girl from a life of crime, you probably wouldn’t bat an eye. But I’ve killed, what did you say, a dozen people? Probably more. I was close to the highest ranking member of the most powerful criminal cabal in the country. And yet here I am, trying to do the right thing.”
“You’re right, I don’t understand it. You should be trying to save your own skin, not hers.”
“I am. I’m trying to do both.” Harry took a deep breath. “I can’t remember killing any of those people, and I’m not the same person as I was when I did. Are we anything without our memories? I don’t know. But I think I should be more than just my memories, at least.” Allison looked at him. There was doubt in her eyes. Harry would not be able to convince her of this fact, not now. Maybe some day soon.
“Let’s just go and find this damn code book, maybe it’ll give us a lead on where to find our next suspect.”
“Fine by me.” Harry said, begrudgingly accepting Allison’s lead as she walked towards an unmarked patrol car parked nearby. 

The two pulled up to a grungy two story apartment complex out behind the strip and away from the freeway. It looked poorly maintained, but the advertised rent was cheap. Most of the blinds were drawn, although a few apartments had their blinds open and the living room lights on. There was an apartment in the back corner, second floor, overlooking the parking lot that looked like the door was slightly ajar.
“Shit.” Allison said. “What number’s printed on that key?”
“35.” 
“Fuck.” She unholstered her gun and threw the door open, running up the staircase to the apartment door. Harry was trying to follow but as he reached the stairs his world started to tilt.
“Fuck not again.” He’d already had this one. The car rolls down the road into the intersection and… Oh no. Harry watched as the stairs in front of him started to stretch and double in size. They were tilting now, nearly vertical. Harry grabbed the railing to prevent himself from falling backwards off the stairway. He heard Allison yell his name from the top of the stairs and he knew he was going to have to try and ascend.
He put a foot forward and found a stair. So far so good. Looks like a dozen stairs left, shouldn’t be too hard. No, now that’s two dozen. This was not looking good. He started to make progress, taking steps one at a time but always noticing another one appearing at the top in sync with every step he took closer. He was on a never-ending treadmill of stairs. Harry’s brain was wandering, trying to keep himself entertained as he fruitlessly climbed the stairs. Was he even making any progress in real life? What would this look like to an outsider?
“Allison?” He called out, probably in vain. He was more likely to make it to the top before she showed up. Maybe if he ran a little faster… 
Harry’s steps still matched the creation of additional stairs, no matter how fast he ran. The world outside the stairs fell away into a deep midnight blue void, leaving just Harry and his staircase treadmill. He stopped for a second and looked around at the nothingness. When he was hallucinating, did his head move outside the hallucination too? The thought made Harry’s head hurt. Not metaphorically. Quite literally. Thinking about the mechanics of the hallucinatory dreamscape Harry found himself in was giving him a headache. He felt his temple throb. He looked down the staircase and saw it stretch into infinity. The top of the staircase was always visible, though always out of reach, but the bottom skewed out beyond the diffraction limit of his eyeballs. Not that it mattered, this was all in his head anyway. Right?
“Harry.” Allison grabbed his arm and he saw that he was only one step from the top of the stairway. “Harry, Jesus Christ.”
“What?”
“Harry, fucking hell I’ve been shaking you for 10 damn minutes.” She showed him her watch. 
“That felt like seconds, a minute at most.” He looked back down the stairs. There was the bottom, right there. Just almost within reach. “My temporal lobe must be starting to break down. I’m processing time differently in the hallucination realm.”
“Break down? Harry you’re not a car. This is all in your head.”
“That’s precisely the problem, it’s all in my head.” He sighed. “Come, show me what it is you found in Diana’s room. I presume hers is the one with the kicked in door?”
“Bingo.” She helped him up the last stair and was about to let go of his arm when he stumbled briefly. “You good?”
“Yeah. Fine.” He pushed open Diana’s door, the key lying uselessly in his hand as he did so.  “Oh Christ.” 
The apartment was in a state. It was clearly in a state when Diana was there, but it was worse now. The entire place had been turned around, things were strewn all over the place. Somebody had got there before them and had torn the place apart looking for something. There was a mattress on the floor, upside down, that had once sat on top of a small box spring in the corner. That too was upside down, but had been cut open by a serrated knife. 
The dresser at the end of the room was on its side and what Harry could only assume was Diana’s meager assortment of clothes were strewn across the floor. The bathroom in the back was in no better shape, and the tank of the toilet was cracked from someone checking to see if anything was hidden inside. In the kitchen Harry found the countertop covered with flour. Someone had emptied the bag to see if anything was hidden inside. There was a similar state of disrepair in the entire apartment and Harry let out a long protracted sigh. He picked up some clothing and started to absent mindedly fold it.
“What are you doing?”
“This is our fault. If we hadn’t caught her no one would have even thought to look here.”
“We don’t know that at all.”
“I know but I feel bad anyway. Come, help me fold. The easiest way to re-search everything would be to clean it up.”
“That’s… a smart idea actually.” Allison looked shocked that she had just conceded that Harry had a good idea. 
“Wait.” Harry stopped. He looked around. This was a game. He put the shirt he had just folded down on the dresser and moved to the front door. From here the room looked turned over. Searched. But… ever since setting foot in the room something about the whole thing felt… off. Like it was staged. It was too perfect. Both the bed and box spring were upside down. The dresser was on its side but the drawers were still accessible. Someone who had searched the drawers and then behind the dresser would have emptied them first, then tipped it away from the wall.
Harry started to read the room like he would a mark. Mentalism. It was his specialty. At first it was hard to distinguish what was Diana’s from what the thief had left behind but as he gained more experience with the room it started to come to him. The bed, for example…
“Harry what are you doing?” Dammit. He’s going to have to start over now.
“Hush. Something’s wrong, I can feel it. Just give me a second. Here, wait over by the door out of my vision.”
“Harry.”
“Please, indulge me for a few minutes.” She just shook her head and went to the door. She removed a cigar from her pocket and lit it, inhaling a puff as Harry turned back to the room.
The bed was hers undoubtedly. But the footprint on the sheet was not. Two sets of footprints. Neither matched Diana. Her feet were smaller, she had left a pair of shoes by the door. Harry was standing next to them now. And the cut open box spring. Why use a serrated knife? He approached. The cut was less deliberate than he had imagined. Ah. Yes. It was coming together now.
“This was made to look ransacked.”
“What? It was ransacked.”
“No. Yes. It was, but that wasn’t the primary purpose of whoever else was here.” He pointed at the box spring. That was what tipped him off. He knelt next to it. “There was a fight here. See this cut? This isn’t a cut of someone searching for something.” He lay with his back on the box spring, parallel to the cut. He mimed as he spoke. “Someone came down with the knife here, trying to stab someone else.” 
“I…” Allison took a step to her right to stand at Harry’s feet. “Wait a minute.” She had just noticed the two sets of footprints on the sheets that Harry had seen earlier. “Two sets…”
“Of footprints, yes.” Harry was still lying down when he turned his head and looked into the tear on the box spring. He let out a sigh. “Of course.”
“What?” He produced a playing card from the interior of the box spring and handed it to Allison.
“The 9 of clubs.” He said, before she had a chance to process the face value of the card. “They’re cleaning house.” 
“Were they the assailant or the victim?”
“Unclear. You’d have to deliberately put it into this tear, so I am inclined to assume assailant.”
“Then who was the victim?”
“Partially irrelevant. We know the clubs are closing ranks. They were probably sent here to keep Diana quiet. Makes our protection even more important.”
“Makes it remarkably useful that she’s currently in the custody of the FBI.” Harry wanted to reply with something witty but nothing came to him. 