“I know. But how do you know that? You’re not supposed to remember anything.”
“Anything of what?” Harry asked. He looked at her on the ground, and though a moment before had felt anger in his memory relived, felt some semblance of sympathy. He put out a hand, and she tentatively grabbed it. He helped her up.
“Of us.” She said. He was wary that she would try to punch him again, and he knew that his bad leg would not support another blow. He sighed. 
“Can we sit somewhere and talk?”
“I don’t really have much of a choice, do I?” Harry sensed that she had noticed a security guard approaching, which meant that Allison’s call earlier had reached the right ears. 
“I suppose you don’t.” She pointed to a bench nearby and followed Harry as he limped his way to it. He sat down and waited for her to join. “I know you from somewhere, don’t I? Somewhere in my more recent memory.”
“Supervisory Agent in Charge, Jennifer Flowers.” 
“Ah. That’s what I thought. I started to suspect you were a Syndicate agent when you sent Garcia to Diana’s house, and further extrapolated you probably had to be the King of Clubs.”
“Only the kings know their subordinates. You shouldn’t even know that.”
“I don’t, my partner keyed me into that information when we took down Andrew Jayston.” The security guard was watching them from across the terminal, leaning on a check in counter. “What did you mean, I shouldn’t remember anything?”
“We had our best psychic work on you. When you left. Should’ve wiped your memory clean.”
“Unfortunately it appears that few things have slipped through the cracks. Not to mention my increasingly tenuous grasp on reality.” Jennifer was puzzled at this statement.
“We’ve never had that happen before.”
“Before?”
“We’ve done this procedure a dozen times. Nobody ever remembers.” 
“I am a mentalist myself. Perhaps my brain is harder to work on.”
“Nice to see you haven’t changed, Harry. You said the same thing before we started.”
“Did I know you? Before?”
“In a way.”
“That doesn’t help me.”
“My goal here isn’t to help you. It was get you to stop.” She made a vague gesture towards the paper in Harry’s hand. “That’s a fake message. Total gibberish. Just needed to get you in front of the board at 5 o’clock today.” 
“Figured as much. Not that I got a chance to even try and translate it.” Harry shook his head. “This whole operation was sloppy. This is a public place, you really thought you could get away with this?”
“FBI, I just needed to land the first blow. After that if you fought back I’d just arrest you. Take you in the back. Rough you up some more. Didn’t expect you to dodge and I didn’t expect you’d have airport security on high alert. They would’ve seen me land the first blow.” She glanced up at the security guard. “If I could’ve gotten you in private, all bets were off. I just needed a legitimate reason to do so.”
“I still think it was sloppy. The operation was hastily put together. And you yourself didn’t need to be here.”
“I’m the only club with authority. The queen is close, but sometimes you just need to get your hands dirty. Besides, I didn’t want to tell any of them why exactly we were roughing you up.”
“I understand.” Harry looked around. “Can I ask you something?”
“Suppose. I’m just waiting for you to call in Sergeant Hayes, I know you’ve got her on a wire under that shirt. I would’ve removed it if I had you back there.” She pointed behind an empty check-in counter. 
“She’ll come when I require.” He sighed. “Why do you do this? It can’t be the power. You hang on a few years you might’ve made FBI director. What do you get out of working for the Syndicate?” Jennifer pondered this for a moment. She was a more contemplative leader than the King of Diamonds had been. He was arrogant, brash. Reveled in the power his position granted him. She seemed more thorough. More concentrated. 
“The clubs don’t do a lot of public work. Sometimes a few slip through, and the cops find someone dead with a club card in their hand, but often our victims take our calling card and destroy it and we never hear from them again.” She thought over her next words carefully, Harry could see her considering them. “I consider all our targets very carefully. I can do things here I couldn’t do on the record, or on the right side of the law.”
“You gave a remarkably non-committal answer that somehow still answered my question. You should have been a politician.”
“Thought about it once.”
“Allison will probably be here soon. I must ask you one more thing. I have to.”
“I probably will not answer it, if it is what I think it is.” She reached into her pocket and removed a golden King of Clubs. “You have been collecting these cards.” Harry was surprised she knew. “Your psychological profile indicated a compulsion for collecting. You will likely ask about your wife. Here’s what I can tell you, safely, without getting myself on a spade hitlist. I had nothing against her. I knew her personally. Quite well. But she wasn’t right for you.” Harry opened his mouth and was about to speak before Jennifer stopped him with her finger. “If you agree to drop your next question right there, I will give you this card. And the entire club suit that you’re missing.” She reached into her pocket and removed 12 other cards. 
“It’s a tempting offer. But once we arrest you I can take those off you easily.”
“They become evidence the instant those handcuffs hit my wrists, and I know Allison knows that.”
“They’re already evidence on the wire.”
“Well then.” Jennifer picked a card and snapped it in her fingers, turning it into a burst of flames. He watched the corner of the card whisp away into the air, and Harry noticed as it cindered that it was the Ace of Clubs. Shit. Jennifer had given him context for the memory, aligning it with what he knew about his wife. But what he wanted was information on her death. He wanted to know what happened. Maybe it would spark something. It was a losing battle. Jennifer would refuse to answer, even if he asked.
“Fine.” Harry took the cards that Jennifer was offering. As he grabbed them he felt a shock run through his arm and they jolted back. Jennifer turned her hand and revealed a joy buzzer. 
“Fried the wire. Allison will be here any second in a panic. Ask your question, but be fast.”
“Why are you helping me?”
“I knew her. Dumb question. Faster.” Harry saw the security guard turn towards them. 
“How did she die?”
“Die? Vanished. You just have to look in the right place.” What?!
“Where? Where do I look?” Jennifer saw the guard coming. She grabbed Harry and pulled him closer, close enough to whisper in his ear where no one could read her lips.
“Sylvester Malone. Former Jack of Hearts.” The grab was enough to drive the guard to a sprint and he pulled Jennifer off Harry. She gave him a smile and a little wave as the guard wrestled her to the ground to handcuff her. Harry was entranced by the motion, watching it play out in slow motion in front of him. He felt like he should do something. Allison arrived at that moment, and Harry’s indecision was solved by the simple fact that he couldn’t do anything else. She grabbed him and he could see that she was asking him what happened, but he could not hear anything. He turned to her – slowly—and read her lips in slow motion. It was a lot easier this way, actually, he had expected it to be harder.  His brain was just starting to process what Jennifer had said, and he shook his head. Sylvester wouldn’t remember anything if he was a former member. It was this thought that clearly sent Harry over the edge, as his eyes rolled back and he passed out, the cards falling from his hand all over the floor. 

Part 3: The King of Hearts
Harry woke up with his hands handcuffed to a table. He recognized this room; he had seen it from the other side of the table just two days ago. There was a needling pain just behind is left temple, and he wished he could reach up to apply some pressure to it. There was a way, but he didn’t particularly enjoy it. But he did it anyway. He pressed the side of his head down against the table, facing away from the door.
This left him at a particular disadvantage when the door immediately opened and he sprung back up. The noise of the door opening had sent the pain spiraling through the rest of his brain, and Harry wished he would go back to sleep and try this day again. 
His day got a lot worse when he noticed that instead of Sergeant Hayes, it was Agent Garcia sitting across from him. There was a file folder in front of him, no doubt a list of all the recorded crimes Harry could be linked to through his ten of spades. Not that he remembered anything more than one or two of them. A terrible thought occurred just then. The images in the folder, be they of victim or location, might trigger a memory response akin to that he experienced upon seeing Jennifer for the first time. 
“Harry Flynn.”
“Agent Garcia. I recognize you. From your pictures.”
“I’m sure that’s where you recognize me from, Harry.” He opened the folder. Harry was about to avert his eyes when he saw a picture of Jennifer on top. “I’m here about last night.”
“What time is it?”
“Not important…” Harry interrupted again.
“How long have I been asleep? I have to know.”
“14 hours.” He sighed.
“Special Agent Jennifer Flowers was the King of Clubs. Or should I say, is the King of Clubs.”
“I know. She said as much on the wire – what little of it we had before it was destroyed – and she’s said as much during interrogation.”
“So then what are you here for Garcia? You have everything you need.”
“You took down my boss. Did you know when you went in there that that’s what you’d find?”
“Surely you didn’t expect us to find nothing. You suspected her the moment you put Diana in that safehouse without telling her.”
“Maybe I did, maybe I didn’t. And if I did suspect her of anything I can’t say it was this.”
“You might as well tell the truth, everything in this room is recorded Garcia. Why are you really here?”
“Cleaning shop. Taking out the trash so to speak. You brought to my attention that some unsavory characters have been working around in law enforcement recently. I figured I’d finish the job with you.”
“Fine.” Harry leaned back. “Take me to prison Garcia. I have nothing else to say to you.” This evidently caught him off guard, and Harry knew it. He was here to cut a deal, and fear was the only tool he knew how to employ. Harry was on the upper foot now, he had all the leverage in this situation.
“Is that what you want?”
“Yes. It’s what I deserve. Below that picture of Jennifer you have, what, a dozen pictures of dead people? You’re gonna ask me if I remember, you’re going to use it as leverage to prove I’m going away for life. I don’t care Garcia. Lock me up. I invite it.” Harry allowed a moment of silence to pass between the two of them. Then another. Then another. Garcia had no way to react. He was an amateur at best. 