“So what do we do now?” He asked. 
“Try and find the codebook. It’s probably gone.” Allison said. “Either the victim or the five of clubs took it and made off with it.”
“The five would have known what it looked like, if anything they took it.” Harry said. “Damn.” He paced around the apartment trying to pick out anything that seemed out of place. Nothing immediately jumped out at him. Allison followed him around the apartment and continued to clean but couldn’t find anything that stood out to her either. She shook her head in defeat. 
“We might have to concede the victory to the Syndicate on this one.”
“Never.” Harry said. “Diana said she got the code book from a park nearby, that she received via letter.” He had a sudden thought and moved to the nearest trash can. It had already been emptied but that didn’t matter. The five of clubs wouldn’t have thought of removing the evidence of how Diana got the codebook in the first place, he was sure of it. Trash, trash, takeout bag, trash… bingo. He extricated a relatively unmarked envelope from the pile of trash and held it up triumphantly. It was, of course, empty, but Harry had an idea. 
“You have a light?” he was currently tearing the envelope open and turning it inside out so that they could access the inner realm of the envelope. Nothing immediately appeared to Allison by eye.
“Yeah, always.” She still had her cigar in her mouth and removed a box of matches from her pocket. Harry accepted it and handed her the envelope.
“Hold this, don’t let it get burned.”
“Harry, what are you doing?”
“Two ideas. First, if they wrote the message indicating which park to pick up the book from on top of the envelope the pressure will have created an imprint on the envelope. Second, if they wrote it in pencil the pressure of the envelope on the sealed letter within will have transferred some of the graphite to the envelope. Both of which should be revealed if I could just get some heat and light on the back side…” He struck a match and held it just under the envelope. Some letters started to reveal themselves before the match burned out. 
“Going to have to be quicker than that Harry.”
“Well aware of that Allison, if you could just give me a second to concentrate.” He struck another match and shakily held it underneath the envelope. “Looks like… Cashman Park, 3 pm. Can’t make out the date, goes off the page.”
“Good enough.” Allison jerked her hand away as her hand brushed the match. The envelope caught the corner of the match and went alight. “Fuck.” Harry grabbed at the envelope and tried to put the flame out with his food. He eventually succeeded, but not before half the envelope burned away to ash. 
“Well, there goes that. Not that it was admissible in court anyway, but we can’t even refer back to it if necessary.”
“We don’t have to, I know how to get us there.” Allison jerked her cigar towards the entrance to the apartment.
“You know the ash from that contaminates the scene, right?”
“We’re not conducting an official investigation anyway.”
“I guess.” Harry was following her out of the apartment, and took the time to lock the door behind them as they left the apartment. He saw Allison about to make a comment about this, but she thought better of herself and opted not to say anything instead. Harry arrived at the top of the stairs and looked down them nervously. They seemed to loom over him, reminding him of the terror he faced just trying to get up them. But he had no choice in this matter, to stay up here would be to leave Diana in jail and himself to the lunacy he was quickly accepting as normal. He took a tentative first step, followed by a more confident second step as his first step found true. The apprehension left Harry totally as he stepped down onto the bottom floor. Phew. 
“You good?”
“Yeah. Just. Memories.” He shuddered as he said the word but indicated to Allison to lead the way.

Harry checked his watch. The sun had come up on the drive over to the park, so it was still quite early. It was foolish to think that the drop for a codebook would always be at 3 but getting there this early gave them plenty of time to surveil the park anyway. There was only one isolated bench that did not face a street or a parking lot, and Allison pointed out that that meant it was most likely the one they were looking for.  Harry saw no evidence contradicting this viewpoint and agreed to sit on a facing bench and watch. 
This was, in hindsight, a bad move. Neither Harry nor Allison could really trust whatever Harry could or couldn’t see. Just that morning he had failed to climb a staircase. And the only reason that Allison wasn’t the one watching the bench was because she was too easily recognizable as a cop. She was still wearing her duty uniform from that evening, she had put it on to make a good impression on Agent Garcia, although they both knew that didn’t really do anything for her. It was a good idea anyway. 
Harry watched as people went in and out of the park all day. His watch read 11, then 12, then 1, then 2 and then finally 3. All without any motion towards the bench at all. The chances of a second drop happening today of all days were incalculably small, but just as long as he was back in time for… Harry’s train of thought was compromised by a man approaching the bench from the west side. Something about him struck Harry as odd. 
He walked with an unusual swagger. Harry had seen it before… that morning in the station. The cop who walked past him and Allison. It wasn’t the same person, but the walk was the same. Understated confidence with every step. A low sway of the arms. This was someone who had power and they knew it. They took a seat on the bench and looked around. Harry pretended to be reading a newspaper Allison had brought to him along with a donut three hours ago. He waited a few minutes and saw the man still sitting there. His head was turned and Harry quickly evacuated his bench to make his approach.
This read would have to be quick, he wasn’t sure how long he’d be sitting on the bench or whether he’d stay once Harry sat next to him. His suit pants were dirty, looked like mud. Tracked from another park nearby? Useless right now. Cufflinks looked designer. Useless. Shoes were three years out of date. Useless. The watch, Harry’s eyes paused on the watch but he was getting close now. It was the last item he could process before he’d have to say something. There was an engraving on it, possibly his name. Daniel. Good enough, let’s go with it. Harry sat down next to the man.
“I’m sorry, are you Daniel?” The man eyed him suspiciously.
“I am. What did you want?”
“I’m just sensing a great feeling of loss from you. Someone close to you left recently?” The man’s reaction was all Harry needed. Bingo. That was always a safe bet, someone was always losing somebody. He saw the rest of the watch engraving, “from Tiffany”. “Tiffany?”
“How did… Never mind. I shouldn’t be talking to you.”
“Well, Daniel, that’s your choice. But I should mention that I am a psychic.” Harry produced a business card from his pocket. “And I’m sensing that Tiffany has something she’d like me to tell you.”
“Really? How did she die?” Fuck. Statistics were on Harry’s side if he knew anything more about her. What did he know? Wealthy? Daniel’s watch was a Rolex. His shoes were Gucci even if they were old. He couldn’t afford them himself, the state of the rest of his suit betrayed that fact. He kept wearing them because she got them for him, so they must have been together a few years. No lingering health issues then. Must have been unexpected. 
“Stroke.” Damn he was good. Daniel looked crestfallen. He put his head down and sighed, placing an envelope next to him as he did so. It looked about legal size, just as big as Harry would expect the code breaker to be. Lucky break that is. 
“What did she want to tell me?”
“To quit what you’re doing.”
“What?”
“She knows you’re still a criminal. She knows you beat people up for money. You should quit while you’re ahead.”
“Ahead?” Daniel looked confused. Confused but startled. “Nobody knows what I do. I’m the best at it.”
“Doubt that.”
“You do?”
“Sure. Tiffany wouldn’t be telling me to tell you to stop if you really were the best.”
“She never understood anyway. Without her I need the money. Something has to keep me afloat.”
“But you enjoy what you do. The fear in your enemy’s eyes. The moment they realize who you are.” He was silent at this. Harry knew he had struck a chord. It was the truth, but Daniel was afraid to admit it. “Well Daniel, it’s about time I told you who I was.”
“You’re a psychic. Harry Flynn. I know who you are.” He was reading off the business card.
“No, Daniel, psychics aren’t real. I’m Harry Flynn, former ten of spades, and I’m the reason you’re going to jail. Should’ve quit while you’re ahead.” He paused. This was a dangerous play if Daniel had come here with a knife in hand. “I’ll take a guess Daniel. Five of Clubs?” Daniel turned and drove the knife into Harry’s thigh. Brilliant tactical move, if Harry had needed to chase Daniel this would have taken him out of commission instantly. Unluckily for Daniel Harry was not alone, and his prolonged absence from his own bench had alerted Allison to the problem and she put a gun to Daniel’s head just as he was about to stand. 
“Don’t.” She said. “You good Harry?”
“Yeah. Going to need those painkillers though. And another trip to the hospital.”
“We’ll pay for your bills on this one. I should’ve been out earlier.” Harry picked up the envelope next to Daniel, although he protested and tried to grab it before Harry did. The pressure of a gun in his spine dissuaded him from continuing the action and he gave up.
“Tiffany probably really did want you to quit earlier, you should’ve listened.” Harry said. He opened the envelope and removed a single sheet of paper. On the left were numbers, and on the right, letters. At the bottom was a timestamp for tomorrow evening, at 5 pm. “I assume this works with the arrivals and departures board at McCarren?” Daniel did not answer. “Whether you answer or not, I have enough information to figure this out. I tracked your girlfriend’s name and cause of death just from your appearance, I think I can crack a simple substitution code.”
“Yes. It’s the arrivals and departures board. Terminal 2.”
“Thank you. Your cooperation will be noted in Sergeant Hayes’ report I’m sure.”
“We’ll see. Hands behind your back, I’ve got you for assault with a deadly weapon.” She handcuffed Daniel and shoved him back down on the bench. As she did so Harry reached into his lapel and removed the five of clubs that was stashed there. He was carrying both a trademark card as well as his own, golden, identification card. 
“Bit dangerous to carry this with you. Never know when someone might impersonate your identity.”
“Shame. I could’ve collected quite a payday for that leg of yours there.” He glanced at his handiwork.    