“Uh.”
“Here’s what I want Garcia. I want to be let free until we’ve taken down the Syndicate. After that, do what you will with me. I want Allison to work with me. And I want as much time as we need. In exchange I give you the remaining 26 members of the Syndicate.” Harry leaned forward as he spoke. He clasped his hands together and placed them on the table. It was all he could do with them, given their limited range of motion in the handcuffs. Garcia considered this. 
“Not unlimited. One week for the Hearts. One for the Spades. Two weeks.”
“I want Diana released too.”
“I’ll see what I can do. Can’t promise anything. She’s safer with us.”
“I made a promise.”
“Fine.”
 “I want it in writing before I agree to anything.” Garcia sighed. He hadn’t expected this either. He stood up and left the room, leaving Harry to experience the loneliness of the interrogation room without him. He looked around, disappointed that the room was so barren and grey. This room would do a lot better with some color. 
“Woah.” He let the word slip from his mouth. It was apt, upon questioning the lack of color Harry had incidentally and accidentally summoned forth a rainbow of paint that spread across the opposite wall. The colors separated, red going up and indigo down, with each color in between spreading a different amount away from the center. The stripe continued around the room before reaching back to its starting point and spreading the color across the roof. The entire room was now rainbow colored. Was this indicative of something more? Harry thought for a second. Rainbows often came with a pot of gold. Could he… 
Harry tried for a few minutes but continued to fail at producing a pot of gold. Perhaps it was a one-time interaction between his conscious and subconscious that produced the rainbow colored interrogation room. Perhaps it was an expression of something more, a link that he could exploit within his hallucinations that would turn them into a powerful tool. The human mind was limited by having to process everything in real time, but the subconscious worked asynchronously with the rest of the body. His subconscious had saved him a few times already, once with the bear in the changing room. Once yesterday with Jennifer. If he could leverage that through his consciousness… The train of thought was interrupted by Garcia returning with a print out. It was a single page. He placed it on the table with a pen.
“I’ve typed up your demands.” He placed a sheet of carbon paper, on which he had also printed the same deal, underneath the first sheet. “Sign this and I’ll release you.” Harry read over the terms and was pleased to see that they were exactly as he had dictated. He reached for the pen as much as he good, but Garcia got to it first. “If you try anything Harry, I’ll bury you in the deepest hole the FBI can find, and throw away the key. No one will even remember your existed.”
“Well, not even I remember that I existed, so that seems like a punishment befitting the crime.” He took the pen from Garcia and scribbled his name on the line. Garcia took the pen and did the same on the line adjacent. He then removed a key from his pocket and unlocked Harry’s handcuffs. 
“I’m going to be watching every move you make Harry. When you mess up, I’ll be there.”
“Let’s hope I don’t mess up then, for both our sakes. Your name’s on that paper too.” Harry grabbed the carbon copy before Garcia could do anything suspicious with it. His intention was to file it away with Allison, who he knew at the very least he could trust to take care of it. Garcia made no protest and Harry turned the corner down to Allison’s office.

She had cleaned up since their last encounter, no doubt she had gone home while Harry slept in the interrogation room. As always she was looking at a set of paperwork on her table, but this time she was trying best she could to… not work on it. She had even put her pencils and pens far out of arms reach, hopefully putting them far enough away that she wouldn’t be tempted to try and write anything down. Instead she just stared at the paperwork and look exceptionally happy when she heard the door open. The joy in her face was erased when she saw who walked through.
“Jesus Christ Harry what the fuck happened?”
“I could ask you the same thing. I remember you coming up and asking me what’s happening and then I passed out and next thing I know I’m in interrogation? Was that your idea?”
“No, Jesus. Garcia came in and took everything. I took you to the hospital but he intercepted on the way there and took you into custody. Said something about finally putting you away for all those murders. Sit, tell me what the hell is going on.” Harry nodded and shut the door, taking the chair across from Allison. 
“Garcia’s upset. King of Clubs we took down? Special Agent Jennifer Flowers. His boss. He’s pissed about that, putting me away before I could do any more damage.”
“Makes sense. I figured out that much. What’d he say in there?”
“You weren’t watching on the camera? I’m disappointed Allison.”
“No live feed into here. Garcia made sure of it.”
“Course he did.” Harry shook his head. “I promised him 26 members of the Syndicate in two weeks.”
“What’d you get in return?”
“Diana, and a two week respite from being arrested for my dozen or so contract murders.”
“That’s it?”
“It’s all I need. I’m close to finding out who did this to me. Jennifer told me something while the wire was down. It’s the reason she took it down.” Allison looked up and moved to the window. She looked around and confirmed that the station was currently empty. She drew the blinds. 
“Speak.”
“I got a memory, when I saw her first. In the rain. She knew my wife. I was telling her to stay away.” He was trying now to recall the memory, but it was fragmented at best. He was remembering his reliving of the memory, not the memory itself. Allison was getting the idea anyway. “She said that my wife wasn’t dead. Just… lost.”
“There was a moment. When I first showed you the case file on your wife’s murder. You didn’t recognize her, said she wasn’t your wife.”
“Is it possible?”
“Sure. Likely? No. But continue.”
“She gave me a place to start.”
“Really? Which suit of the Syndicate are we tackling next?”
“Hearts. Romance crime, human trafficking, sex crime. It’s… not going to be pretty.”
“Should’ve realized that’s what they did. I was trying to guess.”
“This is probably what Garcia’s really after. These are the meat and potatoes of the Syndicate. The ones that cross state lines and borders.”
“He’s going to be watching us. Every move of the way he’ll be on our ass.”
“I know. That’s why the last part of my deal was that I get to work with you.”
“Why me?”
“You’re the best. You’ve helped me take down two branches already. I need you on this. You’re the only one who knows the extent of my… condition, and it’s about to probably get worse. Our first target is Sylvester Malone. He’s a former Jack of Hearts.”
“So he doesn’t work with them anymore?”
“No.”
“How does that help us?”
“He probably knows someone who still works with the Syndicate. Turnover rate is low in the Syndicate, right?”
“That’s true. Sex crimes probably even more so. They’re barely publicly facing. Low risk law wise.”
“There’s another problem. They erase minds when you leave the Syndicate, which means…”
“Right, Sylvester won’t know shit. Fucking great Harry.”
“Allison I’m a psychic. They used someone just like me, maybe it even was me, to erase his mind. But you can’t erase memories, you can only lock them away, put up walls and doors. You put up enough and the mind can never access them. It’s almost the same thing as erasing them. That’s what’s happened to me. And now the walls are breaking and the doors are opening and things are slipping through. If I can get at Sylvester, if I can get into his mind and see how it works…”
“Then you might get some answers on what they did to you. And how to reverse it.” There it is, the lightbulb finally went on in her mind. “So that’s why you’re so desperate to start there.” She sighed. She didn’t have a choice. “Give me a few hours, I’ll see if I can find out where this Sylvester Malone is living. You go and get Diana. Garcia will give you the address, I’ll make sure of it. Get her home, make sure she’s set up. That should keep you occupied until I’ve got a lead we can make use of.”
“I’m on it. I’ll be back in…” He checked the clock on the wall. Would be nice if he had his watch. “Three hours?”
“Agreed.”

Garcia gave Harry a ride to the safe house. It was the least he could do, really, since Harry would have had to take a taxi otherwise. He opened the door for Harry and allowed him into the house, where he looked around trying to find Diana. He called out to her. 
“Diana?” His voice echoed through the empty house. He heard a murmur from the other room and someone came running down the hall. She stopped when she saw who was calling her name. 
“Harry?” She shook her head. “Holy shit, I didn’t think you’d actually come back for me.”
“I want my pocket watch back, I’ve been losing track of the time too much recently.” He gave a stupid grin. “I’m here to take you home.” Garcia rolled his eyes. He handed Harry a fiver dollar note and told him to take a cab.  
“What’d you do to him?”
“Turned out his boss was also your boss. Funny story really, turns out he didn’t much like it that I arrested her. So he arrested me. We cut a deal. I’m going after some more of the Syndicate. But for now you’re free. The club suit is no more, which means neither are you.” He reached into his pocket and removed a business card. “I talked to a friend of mine, was able to get you an interview to work as a waitress down at a diner he owns. Make your way over there tomorrow at 6, ask for George. He’ll help you out.”
“Thanks Harry.” She removed the pocket watch from her pocket and placed it in Harry’s hands. He accepted it and returned it to his own pocket. He had a thought, an echo from a memory that seemed to tell the future. “I might call on you for a favor in the future. I don’t know when. But if I do… can I count on you?”
“I owe you one.”
“That’s a yes then.”

Sylvester Malone. Card shark. Professional gambler. All around… generally the epitome of mediocrity. He made just enough to afford a hotel room for the night and return to the casino floor the next day. Allison had trouble tracking him down since he bounced from hotel to hotel, based on how much he earned and how much he wanted to spend. She wasn’t even really sure what his plan was if he ran out of cash, he didn’t have any permanent addresses on file. But so far, he wasn’t showing any signs of losing. 
Harry would need to approach him in his room. In order to extract an ancient, walled off, memory he was going to need to employ a few… unorthodox hypnosis tricks. 