“I know.” Allison said. She was watching Harry process the current chain of events. 
“Our only option is to push forward. Can you get in contact with him?”
“Yeah. He lives out in Summerlin. We can probably see him today, if we move quickly. Catch him off guard.”
“No time to waste then.” Harry hoisted himself from the seat and began the long journey back to Allison’s car. 

The two pulled up to a janky looking suburban trailer on the border of Summerlin, twenty or so minutes outside of the strip area where Harry had spent most of his life. He had never been to Summerlin until this moment, it was a relatively new development. Just three years old, barely, which is why the trailer looked somewhat new. The surrounding area had already been replaced with model master planned homes, and Harry expected that this trailer would soon follow.  Allison strode up and knocked on the door, and Harry was not very close behind. He did, however, make it to the door just as the owner inside opened it. 
“Parker.” Allison pulled out her badge. She slammed it against the screen door that stood between the two of them. “Police.”
“Shit.”
“Don’t run. I’ll book you for obstruction too.” She said, reading his face. He shook his head and opened the door. 
“Come in.” Harry saw Parker’s eyes look him up and down, surveying his handiwork. 
“Didn’t think we’d find you, eh?” Harry said, shoving the screen door out of the way as it tried to swing closed in his face. Harry entered a dusty living room, a couch facing a small tv set on the opposite wall. The rest of the room was remarkably sparse, just a few knick knacks strewn about, and a table for tv dinners next to the only couch in the room. Harry immediately took a seat on the couch, grabbing his stomach in pain as he felt his kidney shift in his belly. Allison remained standing, and the two of them were surprised to see Parker produce a stool from the kitchen for himself to sit on. 
“How did you find me so fast?” Parker finally broke the silence. 
“You married my fucking niece you tool.” Allison said. Harry put up a hand to calm her. She was fuming but he could see that she understood what he was getting at. Anger wouldn’t get them anywhere. She ceded control of the conversation to Harry. 
“Your work was sloppy Parker.” Harry threw the three of clubs at him, and he caught it between his index and middle fingers. “Hotel bar, in one of the biggest casinos in Vegas? Really?”
“They erase tapes every 24 hours.”
“I just spent a week hunting down diamonds in cahoots with a police sergeant, you think I couldn’t get access to some security tapes before they were erased?”
“I thought you wouldn’t wake up for another day.”
“Shoulda kicked my head in rather than my shoulder.”
“I missed.”
“I know.” Stalemate, for the moment. Parker ran a hand through his ponytail and smoothed out his stray hairs. Harry looked him up and down. He didn’t seem to be incredibly bright. This next play would confirm it. He reached into his pocket and removed a second playing card, this one was his own. The ten of spades. He flung it at Parker, and he caught it with his opposite hand. Harry watched as Parker processed what he was seeing and his eyes went wide. 
“You’re…”
“Yes.”
“But you’re working with the cops.”
“Nobody ever said I was good at my job.” Harry said.
“Everybody says that.” Harry was about to furrow his brow, but it would have betrayed his lack of knowledge in the subject matter. Parker seemed genuinely frightened that Harry was who he was claiming to be.
“You should’ve done a more thorough job.”
“I wasn’t told who I was dealing with.”
“What were you told?” Harry winced, his kidney was acting up. He downed two more ibuprofen as he let Parker talk. 
“I was told you were hunting us down. Taking us out one by one. I’d be paid handsomely if I roughed you up a bit. Double if I actually got you to stop without killing you. A half if I killed you. They promised protection if I did kill you. To avoid prosecution.”
“Who told you this?” Allison had calmed enough to talk now.
“It came down from the top. The King himself sent the hit down.”
“Down?” Something sparked in Harry’s memory. Most hits were personalized, a target and a hunter. If you turned down a contract then you were penalized. Too many and you were demoted. But this sounded… different.
“Open contract. Any club could take the job, I just happened to be first.”
“How do you accept the contract?”
“By beating you up.” Harry’s eyes widened. Allison was just processing what this meant herself. 
“Shit.” Harry rubbed his forehead with his hand. “This investigation went rapidly downhill.” 
“I always thought you were an idiot Parker but I never thought you’d be this much of a fool.” Allison reached into her pocket to remove her handcuffs. “I have no choice but to arrest you for assault.”
“Yeah, figured as much.” Parker stood up and started to turn around. Just at that moment Harry saw something he probably shouldn’t have. Parker’s left foot shuffled out of step with his right foot, and Harry immediately, although he wasn’t sure how, knew what was going to happen. In anticipation he started to lean over towards the tv dinner stand, grabbing it at the base and starting to swing just as Parker started a motion of his own. His left foot grabbed the chair at the leg and spun, flinging the chair towards Allison’s knee. It struck true, and she crumpled over in pain. Too late, Harry had already brought the table down on Parker’s back and his body went crashing towards the tile floor in the kitchen. His chin hit the ground with considerable force and both Harry and Allison heard a crack as it happened. At first it seemed like it was just the tile, but blood started to seep from Parker’s mouth.
“Cracked a tooth.” Harry said, half apologetically, half in triumph. “They have good dentists in prison.” He took Allison’s handcuffs from her and slapped them onto Parker’s wrists. Allison was still on the floor cradling her knee. 
“I’m not as young as I used to be. Fuck you Parker, JoAnn was right to divorce you. Just took her too long to do it.”
“Careful Allison.” It was a strange reversal of roles, Harry realized. For once he was the one telling Allison that they needed a prosecution that could hold up in open court. “Are you ok?” He saw her knee bend in an awkward direction as she stood up.
“Yeah. Yeah.” No she wasn’t. Her knee immediately failed to support her weight. “Nope.” Harry pulled the bottle of painkillers from his pocket and lobbed it to Allison. She gave him an appreciative nod and removed the cap.
“I’ll handle Parker.” He offered. As he leaned down to grab Parker’s handcuffs and pull him up to his feet he let a further sentence escape his lips. “Was the contract closed when you beat me up?”
“No. Open contract. No conclusion date. Free for all.” He said, gritting his teeth. A single slip here form Harry and his face would contact the ground again and he knew it. Harry pulled him towards the door. 
“Come on. We’ve got a prison cell for you.”

Allison was nursing her knee back in her office. Harry had scrounged around at his home and turned up a cane he had used on stage once. She was reluctantly making use of it, but swore that as soon as the doctor’s checked her out she’d be on her feet again. 
“We don’t have any leads. We have to press Parker harder on how to find the King of Clubs.”
“We can’t.” Allison shook her head. “My association with him is too great a risk now. His association with the case is on paper now, we can’t touch him.”
“Should’ve asked more questions at the house.”
“Before he after he destroyed my kneecap and busted his tooth?”
“Very funny. Now you know how I feel.”
“I guess.” Allison said. “Besides, you’re not entirely correct.”
“Meaning?”
“We do have one lead.”
“Don’t you dare say what I think you’re going to suggest. I’m not going to wait around to be beat up again.”
“Parker said it was an open contract. That means more people will try to get to you.”
“Did it ever occur to you that an open contract might include the spades? And that they deal with murder?”
“It did.”
“So that I might be dead by this time tomorrow, with this plan?”
“It’s a risk I think we have to take Harry.” This was not good at all. Harry’s head started to pound, an incredible pain emanating from his frontal lobe and moving backwards in his head. He tried to close his eyes and mitigate the pain, but it wasn’t working. He choked down some more painkillers, his throat closing around them as they went down. What the hell?
Allison did not seem to be reacting as if he was choking. Was he imagining that? It certainly felt like he couldn’t breathe, or he was struggling to. He put his hands around his neck and tried to indicate that he was choking but before they got there the pill finally slipped down his throat and vanished from his nerve system. His eyes went bug-eyed and he tried to process where the pill must have gone.  At first it felt like it might have gone into his lungs but it surely couldn’t have. 
Wait a minute, he couldn’t even remember swallowing a pill to being with. He had taken out the bottle, and he knew his head was pounding and that was what he was trying to subside. His head started to swell, he could feel his forehead growing with every passing second. It felt like any moment now the balloon that contained his brain was going to burst, and the pressure and the pain and the sorrow and the joy would all spill forth across the floor. Allison would look on in horror as he walked around, headless, an explosion covering her office wall in the viscera of his…
“Harry?” The bottle of ibuprofen was still in his hand. He hadn’t even swallowed a single pill. His head was feeling normal again. 
“Sorry I…” His eyes drifted to a window nearby. “Shit.” Parker was walking through the hallway, a smug sort of smile plastered across his face. He was being followed by an FBI agent, clearly denoted by the jacket they were wearing. No sense of subtlety there. Allison made a lunge for the door to try and confront them but Harry stopped her. “No. No, we can’t make a scene about this. They’re taking him away for a reason, they’re trying to get at you. They want the case and if you go out there and confront them you’ll give them a reason to take it from you. If we take down the King of Clubs it’ll be hard for them to argue our efficiency.”
“Fine.” She conceded the point and let her guard drop for a second. She limped back to her chair, Harry could see that the exertion had exacerbated the pain in her knee cap. She twirled the cane around in her hand while she thought. “Now that they’ve taken our assailant we have no choice but to press forward with our plan.”
“Your plan.” Harry corrected her. He shook his head. His hands nervously reached for his pocket and he pulled out his deck of cards, since expanded by the addition of Parker’s three of clubs. He had a bit of a collection going now. 