“So the contract is still open.”
“No end date. Probably going to be open for the next year at this rate, seeing as you’re not dead yet.”
“Really?” Harry winced in pain. He had neglected to remove the knife, even though he knew Daniel had missed his artery. He still preferred the blood to be inside his body rather than outside. “I have a question Daniel. Maybe you can help.”
“Doubt that.” He wasn’t very talkative now that he knew who Harry was. No matter. 
“Why’d you go to the ace’s house?”
“Dunno what you’re talking about.” Harry reached into his pocket and removed the card that he had found there. He flashed it to Daniel.
“This not yours? Matches the ones I pulled out of your pocket. That’s good enough for a jury.” Harry shrugged and returned the cards to his pocket. “Maybe that information can be conveniently lost if you tell us why you were there.”
“I doubt that.”
“Every card we’ve found has made its way into my hands, not the police’s. Might want to keep that in mind. Maybe this one finds its way into Allison’s evidence filing today.” Allison shrugged along with Harry at this one. She was standing in front of the two, her gun still trained (although casually) on Daniel just in case he tried anything else. “I figure you went there and looked for the previous code breaker, to clean up shop. Probably got paid handsomely for doing it. Ran into someone else while doing so, got into a fight, never ended up finding the code breaker and got assigned bitch work setting up the next drop. Am I right?”
“That’s about the half of it.”
“So the original code breaker is out there still.”
“Probably.”
“Who’d you run into?”
“Dunno.”
“You can do better than that Daniel, put a little effort into it. Jog that memory of yours. You can remember Tiffany after she died a year ago, I think you can remember what happened in the past 24 hours.” He gave Harry a glare at that comment. He deserved it but it didn’t bother him. 
“Scruffy, 6 foot, looked a little tired.”
“Black mustache?”
“Yeah.” Harry made eye contact with Allison. They both realized who Daniel was referring to. 
“Well that’s very helpful Daniel. I’ll be sure the district attorney hears about what you did here today. Harry?”
“I’m probably going to need a little help getting back to the car. Take Daniel back first, I’ll take my time.” Harry grabbed his leg in pain. He eventually found the bottle of ibuprofen in his pocket and swallowed a few more of the pills. The pain was excruciating, and he doubted the pills would do anything to stop it. It was worth a shot. He watched as Allison walked Daniel to the car before standing and limping his way towards the car himself. 

The hospital had already learned at this point that Harry was never going to be a permanent customer. The nurse still tried to argue that Harry shouldn’t discharge himself, but he did it anyway. He swindled them out of another bottle of painkillers and hobbled his way to the police station. Allison was filing some paperwork in her office when he arrived, and he took the seat opposite her.
“What are we going to do?” He finally asked. She had not looked up at him when he entered, she could tell from his entrance that it was going to be him. 
“We have to confront Agent Garcia again. We need to know what he knows before we doing anything else.” It was late in the evening. The sun was setting and Harry knew that an hour or two from now he’d be in his dressing room preparing for yet another show. 
“We have a little time. Just under a day.”
“I know. But the sooner the better. He’s on his way right now.”
“Shit. I would’ve done my hair if I had known.” 
“I think you’ll be fine. You can’t look any worse than you do now.”
“Thanks Allison.” Harry sighed. “Do we know anything else about Diana’s situation?”
“She’s in a safe house. I don’t know where. She’ll be ok for now. The FBI has been stonewalling me on anything else related.”
“Who knows?”
“What?”
“Who knows where she is?”
“Garcia and whoever’s guarding the house.” Something felt wrong to Harry. This wasn’t his field, nor his specialty. He had to shrug it off for now. Especially since he could see Garcia approaching through the window. He braced himself, crossing his fingers that Garcia remained human for the rest of this conversation. That’s all he needed. The door flung open.
“Sergeant Hayes, what is the meaning of this?”
“Harry, shut the door.” Harry obliged. He vacated his seat to do as Allison requested, putting himself between Garcia and the door so he couldn’t leave easily. He crossed his arms. This was Allison’s specialty. No reason to get involved. “Agent Garcia, I was informed by a source today that you ransacked Diana’s apartment before you came here and took her from our custody. Am I correct?”
“It was a sanctioned operation.”
“Sanctioned by whom, Garcia? Leaving this off of your report looks extremely bad for you.” That was a nice punch Allison threw with that one. He’d said almost the same thing to her. 
“It was an official FBI operation which means I’m not at liberty to say anything else. Strictly confidential.”
“Garcia. You took my suspect from me with no explanation. If you took them because of something you found during an unregistered operation your request for transfer form is forged, which makes the transfer illegitimate. I approved that form based on the evidence presented and because I thought you seemed trustworthy.” Allison removed a cigar from a drawer. “Sit your ass down in that chair and start talking before I escalate this up the chain and get your name shit-listed.” Harry saw Garcia consider his options here. She had him in a corner, if he said nothing, she would rescind the motion to transfer. Diana would be returned to the police’s custody, likely released on Harry’s testimony. If he talked, he might compromise whatever case they were building against her. Harry saw the battle play out on his face. Garcia made a choice and took the seat that Allison was offering him. It was a lifeline, but only barely.
“I went to the apartment.”
“Stop. Harry. Take notes.” Harry again obliged grabbing a pen and sheet of paper from a nearby table. He nodded when he was ready. 
“I went to the apartment. We had received a tip – I can’t say from whom or where, because I don’t know – that she… Diana might have something we would be interested in. I went to the apartment, alone. But I had my pager on me.”
“Why’d you go alone?”
“I thought it was nothing. I didn’t expect to find anything. She’s a 15 year old girl. I was only there because somebody had to follow up on the tip or my boss would have been upset.”
“Your boss?”
“Agent Lily Flowers.”
“Interesting.” 
“She can be a hard ass. You’d like her.” 
“Maybe I would. Continue.” Allison lit up the cigar she had been admiring for the beginning of Garcia’s discussion. 
“Somebody had to check out the apartment. I entered, looked around. It looked pretty empty. I started to search when I was attacked, from behind. I was able to dodge the attack but in the scramble knocked over the dresser. We scuffled for a while, before I was eventually able to get out of the apartment.”
“No. Try again.”
“What do you mean, no?”
“We found your assailant and we’ve been to the apartment. Your story doesn’t fit. Try again.”
“Fine. I searched the apartment, quite thoroughly. I found this, which I thought might be of interest.” He reached into an inside coat pocket and removed a sheet of paper. Once Garcia unfolded it Harry recognized that it was the code breaker he and Allison had been there originally to find. It was in the same format as the one Harry was incidentally carrying in his own pocket. “I was going to give this to the FBI cipher’s unit but I forgot about it. Instead, I realized that Diana was an asset I couldn’t let go. So I tracked her down and found that you had already made contact.”
“Who told you that we’d made contact?”
“Is that really relevant?”
“It might be.”
“Supervising Agent Flowers. She told me you had taken her to the hospital.”
“And you came here to start paperwork to transfer custody. Very clever.” Allison said. “Is that everything?”
“Yes. I swear. That’s everything.”
“Harry?” He looked up. He had been pretty focused on transcribing the conversation as it happened exactly and neglected to notice that Garcia had morphed into a walrus again. Fuck.
“Everything seems to be in order to me.” He lied.  Everything was very much not fine, but at least Garcia’s story added up. So far. 
“Agent Garcia, I frankly find your omission of these details quite concerning. How safe is Diana with you?”
“Perfectly. Nobody knows where she is save me and my guards. Didn’t even tell my boss where we took her.”
“Why’d you do that?” Harry asked. It was playing into the uneasy feeling he had been experiencing earlier. 
“Safer this way. Less people who know the better.”
“No. You don’t trust her, do you? That’s why you went to the house alone.” Harry watched the walrus’s mustache quiver. “You didn’t think anything of use would be there, because you didn’t trust her or the tip she gave you. And now you don’t trust her to know where Diana is.”
“I’m not going to confirm anything you say.”
“Your face does enough of the talking already. I’m satisfied that you’re keeping Diana safe tonight, but I am perturbed that you kept this information from us for so long. Try and keep us in the loop next time, Agent Garcia.” Allison said. She waved generally in the direction of the door and he took this as his cue to leave. Once the door was shut Allison turned to Harry.
“We need to keep tomorrow’s investigation at the airport off the books.” Harry intercepted Allison’s statement. 
“I was about to say the same thing.”
“Really? I didn’t think you would.” 
“Something about Garcia’s statement made me uncomfortable. Something’s very weird with this branch of the Syndicate, and I don’t know what it is. With financial crimes it seemed obvious where the agents would be posted. For petty crime… there’s an element of the unknown there.”
“Agreed.” Harry shook his head. “For tonight we will have to trust that our information stays private.” He picked up the old code breaker off the desk and compared it to the new one. They were extremely similar, formatted identically but with different numbers and letters on either side. “I have a show tonight. The code message is on the board tomorrow at 5. I’ll meet you here in the station at… 3.” Allison just nodded at him and returned to the paperwork that she had been slaving over most of the afternoon.

Harry was prompt the next day. The night had passed without any word, positive or negative, from Allison. He took this as a good sign, the previous night had started fine and ended with him failing to traverse a staircase to an abandoned ransacked apartment. So all things considered last night went well. Allison was sitting in her office, the cigar from yesterday half smoked sitting in her ash tray. 
“You look like hell.” He said, as he entered the office. 
“Another one of my cases has been coming to a head. Some of my detectives are out on a sting operation right now, tracking down a forger.” Harry noticed that she was still wearing the same outfit as the previous day. 