Worst comes to worst he can play a killer game of cards when all of this is over.
“Just carry on like nothing is happening. Go do your show tonight, get a guest on stage, give them the works. Make it entertaining. That’s all you have to do. I’ll be right there in case anything goes wrong.”
“Really? Like how you were right there when I got beat to shit the first time? Or when the King of Diamonds was about to kill me?”
“I don’t need your sarcasm Harry, I’ve taken enough abuse at Parker’s hands already.”
“I’m just looking out for my own neck. I may not get off so easily next time.” Harry was shuffling the cards. He cut the deck and pulled a card at random, for his own curiosity. The five of clubs. Well, that’s a good omen.

It was after the show. Harry had decided to stay in his changing room longer than he usually did and was currently making up a makeshift sleeping arrangement by laying out a blanket over a couch he kept in there. It was a bold move; he had never slept in the changing room before and he thought it might throw any hunters off his scent. To be quite fair, he was throwing a massive wrench into Allison’s plans. If he was going to be beat up, it was going to be on his terms and his terms only. 
Harry was not an idiot though. He told Allison his plan, and though she was reluctant to accept it she told Harry he could do as he liked. She was camped out in the secondary changing room next door, disused ever since Harry began his residency there. It was much larger and did not contain a couch, so she had to make do with the floor. Pitiful, almost. 
The lights went off and Harry stared at the ceiling, watching his eyes create visions in the darkness. Nighttime was the worst; some nights he escaped the crawling terrors that lurked within. Other nights he would be subject to whatever his mind could dream up, increasingly insomniac and paranoid. The nights where he was free of the tyranny of his imagination were becoming few and far between. 
He was currently entertained by a vision of a dancing cat. It was doing twirls around the room, to and fro and to and fro when it stopped, looking at something in the corner. Harry had heard a floorboard creak, and the acknowledgement of the creak by the cat meant that it must have been outside his own mind. It was real. The cat stared towards the terminus of the sound, in the back corner nearest to the front door. There was a rack of clothes there, outfits Harry kept on hand in case he was feeling a different vibe for the evening. Samson had bought all of them and refused to allow Harry to let them leave the theatre. 
Harry’s hand grasped at the fountain pen Allison had given him before, now tucked beneath his pillow. A ridiculous weapon, to be sure, but more damaging than Allison might have anticipated when in Harry’s hand. He had killed people with less. Wait. Had he? That was a memory of another time, seeping through a crack that shouldn’t have opened. Not now. He couldn’t examine it in more detail just yet, so shoved it away and returned his attention to the cat, who had raised an arm and pointed slightly off from the corner. It turned to Harry and whispered.
“Now.”
The statement was well timed. Harry rolled off the bed just as a knife came down in the bedsheet where his head had just been. He swung with the pen, and his aim found true. The pen buried itself in his assailant’s Achilles, and they collapsed forward into the bed and onto the knife handle. If the knife had been turned 180 degrees they would have died instantly, but instead they rolled off that, gripping their chest in pain, and tried to grab for the pen. Harry made a choice in that moment, and yelled out for help while instead going for the knife. The pen was dangerous in his hands, sure, but the knife more so. In a fair fight the knife would win every time.
Harry’s cry had the desired effect and Allison immediately burst through the door; gun drawn. She flipped the light on and watched as Harry performed a rather impressive backflip roll away from the bed onto his feet, the knife at his side. The assailant was still struggling to get the pen from their ankle and eventually gave up when they saw that they were outnumbered. In more ways than one, Harry realized. 
The assailant was small. Too small. Their arms were underdeveloped, and the thrust had been weak. The knife had only just penetrated the couch, and with a worse angle might have glanced off. He had no doubt that he would have survived the blow, if it were not for the cat. He looked around for it, but saw that it was gone. Damn. He needed to thank it. 
“You’re too young.” Harry said, a little absent mindedly. He didn’t even realize he had said it until he saw Allison’s reaction to it. His assailant had a ski mask on and he could not make out their face, so he reached over and pulled it off, much to their protest. A mop of blonde hair fell out of the cap as he removed it. “Way too young. You must be, what, 16?”
“15, thank you very much.” She said, grabbing the mask back out of Harry’s hands. He shook his head.
“Let me see your card. Ace of clubs right?”
“Ace?” Allison said. 
“Too much of an amateur to be higher. Knife blow was too weak. Look it’s even blunt.” He ran his finger along the edge and showed no damage. “Probably her first job.”
“I was going to prove myself! I was going to be the one to get you to stop. To leave us alone.”
“Us?” Harry knelt down, his eyes going dark. “Darling you have no idea who ‘us’ is. You ever think to ask why they want me to stop? Ever think to ask what it is that I know?” He tried to read her face. He had always been bad with kids. He shook his head and stood to turn to Allison.
“No. And I don’t care.” This triggered him. He reached into his pocket and threw the ten of spades at the wall behind the girl, burying it a half an inch deep between the boards. During its flight path it grazed the girl’s ear and she instinctively grabbed at the sting. She felt blood and looked at the card embedded in the wall. Her eyes went wide. 
“I could have killed you three different ways with that pen alone.” He pointed to the pen in her leg. “I’ve killed younger people than you and I’ve felt less remorse than I do now.”
“If I could have killed you I would have taken my place in the spades. The clubs are for petty crime.”
“Yes. They are. You don’t even belong there. And the fact that I’m still alive is the only thing keeping you out of prison…” He looked at her. She understood his question.
“Diana.”
“Diana.”
“How so?” Petulant child. This was why Harry never had children. His memory was flooded again with something seeping through a crack. Him and his wife wanted children. They were trying for a child. 
“I’m the only one in this room who doesn’t want to lock you up and throw away the key. I bet Allison here would be all to happy to oblige if I just said the word.” Allison nodded her approval, although Harry could see in her face that she wasn’t really sure where this was going. “So let’s deal Diana.” Harry pulled up his makeup chair and turned to face his attempted assassin. She considered this. The thought crossed her face long before it probably crossed her mind. 
“Fine.” She said. She sat up. Allison knelt beside her and removed the pen from her ankle, wrapping it a roll of medical tape that she had in her pocket. 
“That’ll hold until we can get you to a doctor.” She said, backing away. Her gun was still unholstered, although it wasn’t directly aimed at Diana anymore. 
“Let me read you for a second.” Harry said. He started to track her outfit. He traced the outline of her hands with his eyes and then returned to her face. “Your mother is dead. Your father left when you were… twelve. No, thirteen. Money left behind dried up pretty quick, and you couldn’t keep everything afloat. Someone in the Syndicate probably found you then and offered you a job. Must have been a month ago. And you waited and waited and waited and then the open contract came up. So here you are.” Diana gave him an uncomfortable glance that about confirmed everything he had just said. “I don’t really care about all that. That was a parlor trick, at best. I want to know how they got in contact with you. How did you find out about the open contract?”
“It’s complicated.”
“We have time. No one else will try an attempt tonight while we talk. We’re pretty heavily armed.” Harry nodded towards the gun, still in Allison’s hand. 
“They sent me a letter. No postmark. Not sure how it got to my mailbox. That letter directed me to a park, where I found a package with a code key and directions to McCarren International Airport. Then I went there and use the truth code to read the information off the arrivals and departures board.”
“Where’s the code key?”
“At my house.”
“Can we have it?”
“It’s single use only. It only links to this message on the day it was delivered. Arrivals and Departures change day to day as do any messages they want to send us.” Diana paused for a second. “Shouldn’t you know this?”
“Different branches communicate messages differently.” He said. He felt that that was true in his bones. But he didn’t know how spades got their messages at all. Pity. They could jump the line to the King of Spades and put this thing to rest. Diana looked like she bought this explanation.
“Where do you live?”
“I live just outside the strip. An apartment. Haven’t paid next month’s rent, so I imagine in the next few days I’ll be kicked out.” Allison looked at Harry. She nodded at him to call him off to the side. Harry obliged, keeping his eye on Diana as he did so.
“What are we going to do about her?” She asked. 
“I don’t know. But we can’t put her in jail.”
“She tried to kill you Harry.”
“She’s too young for this. She still has a chance to get out. Joey. Andrew. Parker, they all made their decisions and they have to lie in the bed they made. Them and all the other diamonds on that list. But Diana, she’s still young. There’s time for her to take another path.”
“You’re sounding remarkably sentimental about this.”
“I just wish somebody had given me the chance to get out when I joined. We can do that for her.” Allison nodded, reluctantly. “Plus we know the FBI are trying to take this case from us. If we can keep her out of the station for a while we can maybe get a little more use out of her.”
“That’s the most convincing argument you’ve made yet.” Harry turned back to Diana, who was braiding her hair while she waited.
“I can pay your next month’s rent. With some strings attached.”