“There’s always strings attached.” Diana rolled her eyes.
“I want the codebook, and I want you to tell us if you get contact by the King again any point in the future.”
“That’s it?”
“You were expecting something else?”
“I thought… Nevermind.” 
“That we would take advantage of your situation? Diana I can barely even see reality on a regular basis anymore, that’s about the last thing on my mind.” Harry paused. “Look, you’re better than all of this. I know a few people in town, maybe if you promise not to go around assaulting anyone else, I can make a few calls and try to get you a legit job. It’d be low paying and might be kind of menial since you’re a minor but at least it doesn’t come with the threat of going to jail.” Diana eyed him suspiciously.
“People who give me things normally want something in return.”
“I’ve laid out exactly what I want already. The terms are already set.” She considered this for a moment. Harry knew it was a tempting offer, and he knew Allison didn’t think he had enough money to cover her next month’s rent.
“Make it two month’s rent and I promise not to engage with the Syndicate again.”
“You’re a shrewd negotiator. I can do two months but only if I pay the rent directly to your landlord. It doesn’t see your hands at all. And throw in your Ace of Clubs while you’re at it. Your identification card, with the gold back.”
“Deal.” Harry put out his hand for her to shake. She accepted it.
“And I want my ten of spades back.” Diana shook her head gravely and grabbed the card from the wall, handing it across the room to Harry. 
“Thanks. Allison, get her to a hospital. They’ll need to do something about that ankle I ruined before she can do anything.”

Harry was asleep, finally, when the telephone on the makeup table rang. It woke him up. It had to, that was the point. He reluctantly hobbled his way over to it, his kidney still dislocated and his shoulder still in pain. 
“Harry Flynn.”
“Harry, it’s Allison. Get down to the station now.” The line went dead. Fuck. It didn’t really sound like Allison, it was too panicked and haphazard. He had never known Allison to panic. Even when she discovered that Parker was the three of clubs she had only been angry, never panicked. Lest he forget that the open contract was still open. Leaving the theatre now would be a dangerous move. He should have gone with Allison to begin with but he was too tired to even more. 
There did not seem to be a choice. He would have to go, and he would have to go now. If it was Allison, which it might not have been, she sounded like she needed him urgently. Harry picked up the phone and dialed a taxicab number he had memorized one night after a drunken stupor had left him three miles from his house and without a way to get home. 
The journey was tense, fraught with Harry jumping at every sound. Every clang, or bang, or whistle, could be an assailant… or a hallucination. Harry was paranoid beyond what he could have imagined, never letting his guard down for fear that dismissing something as a hallucination would get him killed or dismissing something as an assailant would discount his mental breakdown. He did, however, arrive safely at the police station and paid the taxi driver his due fee. He jogged up the steps and ran past the receptionist who failed to even register his presence. They had all become accustomed to his frequent visits. 
Allison was in the back in her office, seemingly yelling at the man the two had seen before leading Parker out of the station. His jacket faced the window that formed Allison’s office wall and Harry could see quite clearly, even in the nighttime reduced lighting of the station, that it was emblazed with the yellow FBI letters he was expecting the moment he had heard the phone ring. He let a sigh cross his nose as he navigated around the desks to the door and knocked politely. The man inside turned and opened the door.
“I suspect this is your elusive source turned partner” He said.
“Harry Flynn.” The agent did not return Harry’s handshake, and he shrugged and put the hand back into his pocket. 
“Agent Garcia.”
“Nice to meet you. Allison.” He nodded at her. “What’s happening?”
“They’ve taken Diana.”
“Fuck.” Harry shoved the door closed with his foot. “Why?”
“She’s a witness. She tried to kill you.”
“Who told you that? I didn’t press any charges.”
“You don’t have a choice Harry, you’re a wanted criminal who’s only out on my purview.” Allison said. 
“She didn’t even get me. I have no injuries from the alleged encounter.” Harry countered. “I don’t know where you got your information Agent Garcia but I assure you, Diana is completely innocent in this situation.”
“I don’t believe that. We have…” Harry put up a hand to stop the agent, who for some reason complied.
“Agent Garcia, I know you’ve had me under surveillance for the last month. If you have someone or something that gave you this intel, believe me, I know what it is. And it won’t be admissible in court. I will dismantle your entire case and then I’ll dismantle your entire career. Your wife wouldn’t appreciate what you’re doing behind her back.”
“Mr. Flynn. Sergeant I demand you control this man…”
“Is what he’s saying true? Did you get your evidence illicitly? Because I know I didn’t tell you about Diana.” The agent stammered for a second. 
“It wasn’t illegal, we had a warrant.”
“Won’t hold up. Haven’t you heard? I’m insane.” Harry said. It was probably true now. Harry was quite honestly staring at Agent Garcia’s mustache and watching it morph into that of a walruses. Garcia was now a walrus. In an FBI uniform. Here in Allison’s office. His arms were waving around like goofy little flippers and Harry let an unintended laugh slip through his lips. Well, whatever, it would reinforce the point that he wasn’t entirely there mentally. 
Garcia slapped a wet fin down on the desk and left a slimy trail across the papers as he yelled at Allison. His fin traced across the top of the desk before falling down to his side once more.
“Diana stays with us. Sergeant Hayes you’re on thin ice. You didn’t disclose your relationship to the three of clubs either, if I had the ability to I would take this case away from you right now.”
“But you can’t.”
“My boss thinks it would be better to see what you and this lunatic can turn up. And it seems she had a notion of correctness for once, seeing as you brought us Diana. We’ll be talking to her now.”
“No. You need to let her go.” Harry said to the walrus. It turned to him and he saw the tusks glitter in the light. That was kind of pretty in a way. Was the walrus breathing air or was it slowly suffocating here in the office? 
“Can’t. Even if she isn’t a witness in your case she is in another parallel investigation of ours.”
“Fuck you Garcia. I’ve seen plenty of lackeys like you, you all think you’re hot shit till somebody beats you to the punch.” Allison said in a surprising display of aggression. “Harry and I have already nailed 13 of the Syndicate and we’ve only been on the investigation a week. You’ve got, what, two years and no suspects? Get the fuck out of my office.”
“Yeah. We’ll see.” The walrus turned to leave the office, taking the handle in his fin. Harry put his hand on it’s chest and felt a weird kind of griminess he ignored to seem semi sane. 
“Can I speak to her before you take her?” Walrus gave him an annoyed glance.
“Fine. If you keep that thing about my wife in this office.”
“Deal.” Not a deal, Harry made a mental note to himself to find Garcia’s wife and let her know. She deserved to know anyway, lying was a smaller sin than cheating. 
“Come.” The walrus lead Harry out into the detective area and through to the interrogation rooms. There were 6 rooms there, with each room having an adjacent viewing room. He took Harry to viewing room 5 and opened the door, admitting him entrance. “5 minutes.” The door shut behind Harry and he took a seat opposite Diana, who appeared to have been crying.
“You promised me I wouldn’t go to jail.”
“I didn’t know the FBI had bugged my dressing room. They must have picked you up after you got out of the hospital, right?” Harry saw the conspicuous crutch in the corner of the room. 
“Yes. You promised Harry.”
“I know. And I’m going to get you out of this, ok?” He reached into his pocket and removed a handkerchief. Wait a minute, this was Allison’s. Oh well, it was his now. He handed it to Diana. She slapped it out of his hand.
“All of you are the same. Promising me everything and never following through. Fuck you.” Harry was about to say something reactionary but stopped himself. 
“You have a right to be angry. And maybe you’ll be angry for a long time and that would be ok too.” He started. The words were difficult for him to find. Something sparked a memory of his own mother, and a few more sentences came to him. “But I made a promise. And I’ve never broken a promise in my life. I don’t intend to start now. It may take a little while but Allison and I will get you out. We will. I will.” Diana’s crying had stopped but she was silent. Harry reached into his pocket and removed his pocket watch. “This is my most prized possession. I use it in all my stage shows. My mother gave it to me, when she was teaching me hypnosis for the first time.” He placed it on the table and pushed it towards Diana’s side. “Keep it safe for me. And I promise I will return for both it and you. Deal?” Diana let out a half-hearted laugh.
“This is stupid.”
“It is.” He said. He let out a laugh, his first genuine laugh in days. He grabbed stomach in pain. Shit that hurt, but it was worth it. “But it’s a promise. Do we have a deal?”
“Fine. We have a deal.” Diana reached over and took the watch, dropping something on the table as she did so. Harry leaned forward and grabbed her hands in his to cover the noise. He made eye contact with her and she knew what he was doing. She nodded and removed her hands, just as he did. He grabbed a key off the and palmed it. 
“Agent Garcia outside is going to take you for questioning. Don’t tell him anything. Allison and I have everything we need, we’ll get you out soon.” Diana just nodded an acceptance. She finally reached down and picked the handkerchief up off the floor and wiped her face with it. 
“Thanks.” She handed it back to Harry who took it and pocketed the key into it. He slipped it into his lapel pocket and patted it affectionately. The door swung open and Garcia burst through, no longer looking like a walrus, thank God. 
“Time’s up.”
“I’m leaving, I’m leaving.” Harry took one glance at Diana and saw that she had pocketed the pocket watch into a lapel pocket of her own. She was crying again. Poor kid, the past 6 hours had been rough on her. Harry left Garcia in the room and strode down to the detective’s area. He tapped on Allison’s window and motioned for her to join him outside.