Part 4: The King of Spades
Harry got up off the ground and started to look around the room. If it was even a room. The fact that everything was white made it difficult to discern if the whiteness was part of a wall, or an infinite plane forming the floor and an indescribable roof. He picked a direction, not really sure where it would go, and started to walk. 
He walked for what felt like forever. Minutes passed without notice, Harry’s pocket watch hadn’t made the transition to the white realm like the rest of his outfit. Hours too, probably passed, although the only indication Harry had that any time passing was his own brain, which probably constructed this entire dimension. He got bored of his chosen direction pretty quickly, and so took a 90 degree turn to the right and saw a lady in an armchair. It was the first thing in the entire space that wasn’t white, so immediately stuck out to Harry as something particularly unusual. He walked up to the lady, who appeared to be sleeping at first.
“Hello Harry.” She said, without opening her eyes. 
“And you are?” He asked. She put out her hand and snapped, a duplicate armchair appearing across from her. Harry accepted the presumed invitation and sat down. 
“My name is Dr. Wolfe.” She finally opened her eyes, making eye contact with Harry. Her arms were placed somewhat firmly on the arm rests of her seat.
“Are you part of my imagination?” He looked around, confirming that the entire space was still white. 
“If it helps you to think of me that way, then yes.” When Harry returned his eyes to where she should have been sitting, he saw that both her and the chair had vanished. He felt a hand on his shoulder and immediately turned to see that somehow, she had moved to his side. 
“So you’re… not part of my imagination?”
“Let’s not overcomplicate the situation by dealing with trivialities. What matters is that you’re here, now, which means a few things.”
“Really?” Harry was too tense to lean back in the chair and sat nearly bolt upright. His hands were sweating, and he attempted to wipe them off on the arm rests. If anything, they made his hands sweat even worse. 
“You’re on the cusp of something here, Harry. This space…” She gestured around her as she walked in front of Harry. “You can do anything here. Try it.” Harry looked at her confusedly. He reached into his pocket and produced his pocket watch. Interesting. 
“You have complete control over this space. No more hallucinations. Well…”
“This whole space is inside my mind. This whole thing is a hallucination.”
“Of course it is. For a while.” She was walking a little bit away from Harry, but had her back to him. 
“A while?”
“You have a decision to make Harry.” She turned to face him. “I’m here to outline the parameters.” She snapped her fingers and two doors appeared beside her. The chair beneath Harry vanished and he fell to the floor. Ouch. “You can stay here, if you like. Live out the rest of your days in this fantasy realm of your own creation.” She pointed to the door on her left, a red number one emblazoning itself on the front, near the knocker. “Or you can leave. Return to the so-called real world. Solve the mystery of your life. But in doing so you cede control over your mind.” She pointed to the other door, now adorned with a blue two. 
“If I stay here, how long do I stay?”
“Forever, give or take. You stay until your real-world body dies, but time passes differently here. Impossible to know how long you’ll be here.”
“And if I go?”
“The hallucinations will get worse. Maybe you can exert some control over them, like you did in the interrogation room. Or perhaps use them to your advantage, shunting your mental processing to your subconscious where it can work more efficiently, like you did when Diana attacked you. Or perhaps when you attacked the King of Hearts.” The memories flashed through Harry’s… head. But as they did so they replayed themselves out on an invisible monitor that surrounded the two. “The choice is between control or no control.”
“No, the choice is between answers and living in ignorance.” Harry started to pace, the memories vanishing from the void back to whence they came. “I can have a good life here, but it wouldn’t be fulfilling.”
“Out there you lose control of your mind. You become a slave to the visions.”
“But I keep control of myself.” He said. “I just need to know where to start for the King of Spades.”
“Ah, to find out why all of this is happening.” She produced an arm chair for herself once more and sat down between the doors. “I cannot advise you on what decision to make, that’s not my place. However, I will make the choice fair. I’ve already shown you what you can do here. Out there…” She gestured to door two. “You should start with Lily Flowers.” He nodded. It had been a thought in the back of his mind ever since the memory flashed through his head when he met her, doubly so now that the King of Hearts had reframed the entire event. “The choice is yours Harry, but remember that if you refuse to choose, you’re choosing to stay here.” She snapped her fingers once more and vanished, leaving Harry alone in the white void once more, although it was now punctuated by the two doors, standing stark and oppressive in the space. 
There was comfort in door 1. Time could pass as slowly as he wanted here, it could be eons before he died. Anything he wanted was his command. He reached into his pocket and produced a playing card, a queen of hearts, and threw it into the air where it exploded to reveal Diana, standing there between the doors. She didn’t say anything, whatever she would say Harry would just be telling himself. The conversation would not provide any information he didn’t already learn from Dr. Wolfe, whoever that was. Her creation had simply been Harry’s way to remind himself of something. He had made a promise to her, reluctant though it may seem, it meant that Harry never really had a choice in this matter. He wiped away the image of Diana and waved away door number 1. 
Harry walked to the door and grabbed the handle, turning it slowly. In the white void he was existing in nothing appeared behind the door, and he had no idea what to expect by walking through the door. There wasn’t any other option. There was too much still to learn to give up now. 

Cold air flooded Harry’s lungs, and he invertedly gagged. He realized he had not been breathing in the void space, and the shock of the air threw him for a loop. There was a respirator down his throat, and he clawed at the nurse call button on the side of the bed. Hospital. Again. Longer term, it seemed, his legs had slightly atrophied and his arms were unused to moving as much as they were. A nurse rushed in and calmed him to remove the respirator tube. 
“Where am I?” He asked. Dumb question, he knew where he was. 
“Las Vegas General.”
“What day is it?”
“It’s Thursday sir.” It’s been a week, at least. It had to have been, it was nighttime when they confronted the King of Hearts, and there was daylight streaming through the window.
“How many weeks have I been out?”
“Just one sir.” Shit. “Call Allison.”
“Allison?”
“She must have come in with me.” Harry’s eyes suddenly noticed another person in the room, sitting on the chair in the corner away from the door. “Hello?” The face was obscured. Whether by design or mistrust in his brain, he could no longer tell. That was the price he would have to pay. The person there blinked a few times and yawned, before standing up and moving closer to Harry. His brain acquiesced to his request to understand, and the face revealed itself to be Diana’s. “Diana?”
“Bought fucking time Harry.” She said. “Thought you were never gonna wake up, almost had to pull the plug.”
“It’s been a week. You could’ve… how did you even find me?”
“Girl came down to my place, told me you were in trouble and that I should check it out. I kind of… Well I felt bad alright, you’re kinda a cool guy Harry. So I came down and checked you out. Told them I was your daughter.” She said. 
“You got the job?” She was wearing a waitress outfit. 
“I did.”
“Been alright so far?”
“Yeah, it’s been good. Good tips. Good coworkers.” She put her head down in shame. “Thanks.”
“Don’t mention it. How long have you been here? You were knocked out there.”
“Came as soon as my shift end. Don’t worry about it, Allison has been in too.”
“I don’t believe that, I’ve always been a means to an end…” He trailed off. “A woman told you I was in trouble?” Not Allison, Diana would have said it was Allison.
“Yeah. She was a little taller than me. Dark hair. She had a uniform on but I don’t remember what it looked like.”
“Did it have any logo on it? Anything identifying at all?”
“Pretty sure it said Mirage on it.” Fascinating. He filed the information away for later use, noticing Allison pushing past a nurse to throw open the door to his room.
“What the fuck Harry. You take down the King of Hearts, beat him nearly senseless, then just fucking collapse on me.” He now realized the nurses were not trying to stop her from getting to him, they were trying to get her to put out the cigar in her hand. She flashed a badge at a nurse who dared to try and approached and pulled the door shut behind her. “Start talking.”
“He said…” Diana looked at him. “You sure you want to hear this?” She nodded. “He said I killed my wife. That that was why I left the Syndicate, and why I wanted my mind erased. Must have sent my brain into a tailspin.”
“So you collapsed?” Harry noticed a flamingo in the corner of the room where Diana had been seated before. It was looking at him ominously and nodded its head towards the window where Harry could see a flock of them fly by.
“It’s a bit complicated to explain, but suffice to say my time is short.” Harry interrupted Allison before she had even started to talk. “My brain will likely lose full grip on reality quite soon, days perhaps. Any hope of reversing it lies with the King of Spades, the murder of my wife, and whoever among them did this to me. I suggest we start with Jennifer Flowers, the King of Clubs. She knew me and my wife, and I had a memory from the before times involving her.” Harry looked around and realized that his feet were handcuffed to the bed.
“They didn’t want you checking yourself out again.” Allison said. “So I made do.”