]It was a multistep plan, actually. First he needed to convince Sylvester that he needed to be hypnotized. He couldn’t hypnotize anyone who didn’t want to be hypnotized in the first place. Then he would have to convince him to go back to his room, then he would actually need to hypnotize him. Allison would join hm in Sylvester’s room once he was under, to record and take notes. Simple, right? Or so Harry thought.
Sylvester was still on the casino floor at 1 am, trying to make payment for that night’s hotel room. He was a couple dozen dollars short, and was banking on red at the roulette wheel. Wasn’t the best play, but it was the one that required the least mental acuity. Harry approached. This was a casino he was unfamiliar with (Harrah’s) but it didn’t seem to both him. 
“Sylvester, my old friend.” He slapped his hand down on the man’s back and moved to his side so he could see the roulette table. The wheel was spinning, around and around and around. The ball dropped into the wheel and skipped a few notches, eventually stopping in the black.
“Dammit.” Sylvester cursed. “Sorry. Who are you? Do I know you?”
“Of course! We used to work together.” Harry was eyeing Sylvester’s outfit, it looked like it had been tailored and repaired dozens of times. His top button didn’t match, it was close enough to the other buttons that at a distance you might not have noticed, but up close like Harry was it was… painfully obvious that it mismatched. There was a loose strand on his sleeve, and a few tears that had been repaired in the frock. He probably didn’t own many clothes. “I remember when you got that tear there, took an old knife to the stomach.” He pointed to one vaguely located near Sylvester’s kidneys. Harry’s legs ached when he mentioned this wound. He was still limping, but had healed at least enough that he could hide it. He rubbed his leg absentmindedly. 
“What?” Sylvester looked down. “I don’t remember ever taking a knife to the stomach.”
“You probably don’t remember tearing your coat there either.” The croupier was calling for last bets before he spun the wheel again. Sylvester made a motion to repeat his bet. “Bet on black.”
“Why? It just landed on black.”
“Trust me.” Harry was watching the croupier’s hands. Something in his subconscious was telling him that black was the move. Harry could feel a hallucination coming, and tried to brace himself for it. Maybe it would be light, maybe it would just spin the wheel backwards and he’d be fine. Sylvester shook his head and moved his chips to bet on black. The croupier nodded and spun the wheel, and Harry watched as the wheel accelerated, threatening to break out of its casing before suddenly freezing and reversing direction. Incredible. Did he do that? It was spinning quite fast now, he could see it losing coherence. He could no longer make out the color, and the ball had vanished it was rotating around the rim so fast. It all suddenly stopped, without warning, and the ball came back into focus in a black square. Harry nodded, all according to plan. 
“How’d you know?”
“Psychic. Same way I knew about the stab in your stomach.”
“But…” Sylvester paused. He rubbed his stomach. “There is a scar there. I never knew how I got it. How could you have possibly known?”
“Read your mind. I bet there’s more in your head that you don’t realize is there. I can help you find it.”
“How can I trust you?”
“You can’t. Not really. Most psychics are scam artists. Looking for money. Here’s what I’ll do for you Sylvester, to prove that I’m not one of them. I don’t need any payment, in fact, here…” He reached into his wallet and removed a hundred-dollar bill. “This should cover your hotel fees for tonight.”
“Wha—”
“I know you live in hotel rooms. That bet there on black got you closer but you’re still, what, ten dollars short? Here this’ll even set you up for tomorrow. I don’t want your money Sylvester, what I want is the information in your head. The information you can’t find.”
“Why?” He watched the next spin of the wheel go by without his bet. 
“Because I think it can help me.”
“With what?”
“Figuring out who I am.” Harry said. He was getting anxious, it felt like someone was watching him. Someone other than the eye in the sky. He needed to get out of the public, as soon as possible. “Can we go somewhere more private? I’m a little nervous around casinos.”
“I have a room, upstairs. I’ll go pay off the last of tonight’s bill and meet you up there. Room 716.” Sylvester looked apprehensive about the entire sequence of events, but Harry knew the evidence he had already presented was enough. He was a lot more gullible than he thought, but that was fine. The floor was getting hot, Harry’s feet felt like they were going to melt right out of their shoes. He nodded and walked towards the elevator, watching Sylvester walk off towards the hotel lobby. The floor was heating up as he walked, quite hot now. He felt a set of eyeballs burning a hole in the back of his head and he knew someone was watching. The elevator doors opened and he turned to face the floor as he entered. His observer was too slow to notice, and he made eye contact with her sitting at a blackjack table as the door closed and cut off their vision. The face burned itself into Harry’s memory and he cried out in pain as he felt the fire spread through the rest of his nervous system. Everything was burning now, electrical impulses he couldn’t tell if were real or a figment of his imagination. 
And then, just as quickly as it started, it vanished. He was panting on the floor, sweating in fact. The floor was drenched, wet from his sweat, although he couldn’t tell now if that was real or a secondary hallucination. The doors opened and he stumbled out, into the hallway. His hands felt dry, but looked wet. Yep. Definitely hallucination. This was a problem, if he didn’t snap out of it before Sylvester arrived there was going to be serious problems with this plan. And he needed to tell Allison which room to go to. That’s fine, he can call from the room. He just needed to find… 716. He almost walked into the door. It was just down the corridor from the elevator. Upon reaching the door Harry felt… nothing. Everything melted away and he was completely normal again. Or as normal as he could be. Given the circumstances. He was doing his best. 
Sylvester approached. He unlocked the door and allowed Harry entrance. Harry watched as Sylvester walked over to the minibar and poured himself a shot of… vodka? His hands were shaking as he did so.
“Nothing to be nervous about. I’ve done this loads of times.”
“Done what?” Quite snappy. Harry needed to apply some tact.
“Hypnosis. It’s completely safe, I’ve never had an incident where anyone did anything they didn’t want to. You’re completely on control the whole time. Come, sit here.” He pointed to a couch in the corner of the room. It wasn’t a large room: single bed, desk, single seat love seat, small bathroom off the side. Sylvester put the shot glass down and made his way to the seat. He sat down, just as Harry as removing his pocket watch. The spiel he gave Sylvester was the same as he would give on stage, so he let his mind wander and zone out as he was talking. He eventually noticed that Sylvester’s head had gone limp and fallen backwards. He was in a trance. 
Harry moved quickly, he had only a few moments before the trance like Sylvester would be amenable to psychic suggestions, so he picked up the phone and called Allison. 
“Room 716. Be fast.” The line went dead.
There was another reason Harry needed Allison there. He was going to attempt to lead Sylvester through the labyrinth that was his mind, but he needed someone there who was a neutral observer. Someone Sylvester’s mind could latch on to when it wanted to reject Harry’s commands. 
“The process is simple.” Harry began explaining to Allison. “I will be giving Sylvester a series of commands. I will construct for him a map of his mind space and put him in control of a sort of… avatar of himself there. I will give him instructions and requests, but he still has the free will and personal ability to reject and request I make of him. His mind avatar must seek out and find the information I request of him.”
“That’s all well and good, but where do I come in?”
“You’re here to provide an anchor point for Sylvester. If something is too big an ask, or too dangerous, he needs something to hold on to. Someone who isn’t making requests of him, that he can move towards when he’s fighting against his memory.”
“That’s me? You don’t have some gorgeous young assistant to do this for you?”
“Gorgeous? Don’t sell yourself short. Young? I really don’t want to wrap Diana in this. You’ll be fine. If he looks  like he’s losing it, just grab his hand and comfort him.” Harry moved to sit on the bed. Allison took the desk chair and moved it adjacent to the couch where Sylvester was seated. “Before I start, I should warn you. He will open his eyes. But his eyes aren’t going to look… normal. They’ll be glazed over. Thousand yard stare.”
“I’m ready.” Allison nodded. Harry snapped his fingers and Sylvester’s eyes shot open, just as Harry had promised. He was looking right at Harry, the pocket watch in his hands. Harry had left it there to maintain the trance while he talked with Allison.
“Sylvester, if you can hear me and understand what I’m asking, nod your head.” Sylvester nodded. “Sylvester, can you verbalize your response to this question?”
“Yes.”
“You’re doing great. Ok, Sylvester, I want you to imagine something for me. You’re in a hotel. Let’s say it’s the Mirage. Lots of rooms, lots of space. You have a hotel room in the hotel. Where is it?”
“Fifth floor, facing the strip.”
“Good. Sylvester, make your way there now. Walk through the hallways, taking the elevator if you need to, until you’re in your hotel room. Can you see your hotel room in front of you?” Sylvester nodded. “You’re doing great Sylvester. Look around you. This is your memory base. If we wander too far, you can always come back here. Does that make sense?” Another nod. “Sylvester I need to hear you say it.”
“Yes.”
“Ok, Sylvester. Let’s leave your hotel room. We’re going to go down the hall. Each of the hotel room doors is going to be a memory of yours. Turn to your left, to the first door. I want you to open this door. The memory inside will be the last memory you can remember before yesterday. Does that make sense?” Sylvester nodded. “Do it, please.” Harry and Allison waited a moment, nervously. Sylvester’s eyes panned down as if they were landing on a door handle. There was a glimmer in them for a moment and Harry assumed that the door was now open. “Sylvester, describe what you see and the date, if you can.”
“It’s March 14th, 1993.” That was before Harry left the Syndicate. It meant that there was now a non-zero chance Harry himself was the one who put the mental blocks in place, and not whoever did this to him, although neither Harry nor Allison were sure if this were a good thing. It meant Harry might be able to break the blocks easier, but also that they wouldn’t gain as much insight into Harry’s own condition. 