“Right. I don’t know any cashiers pulling a million dollar salary. And how about that secret door over there?”
“What?” Fear in her face. It was unmistakable.
“Shirly, that hidden door is a couple hundred thousand dollar expense. You’re Syndicate through and through. Let me guess… You’re the ten of hearts.”
“I have no idea…”
“Shirley, Shirley, I don’t really have much time before I lose control of my brain once again, so let’s cut to the chase, yes? I’m going to go open that door, I think we have adequate cause right Allison?” She nodded. “And I’m pretty sure I know what I’ll find there: a stairway to the basement. Help us help you out Shirley. If you tell us what we’re going to find in the basement before we go in there, maybe we’ll cut you some slack when we do eventually find it.” There was silence from Shirley Black. She probably didn’t think Harry could figure out how to open the door; that she was safe as long as she said nothing and the door remained closed. “It’s the knife rack Shirley, I can open the door.”
“Fuck.”
“You wanna talk or do you wanna be arrested right now?”
“I’ll talk. I’ll talk.” She said, casting her eyes surreptitiously over to the door. Harry was going to open that door whether she talked or not, this just made things easier for him. “What do you wanna know?”
“Amber Truong. What happened?” Allison asked. 
“Amber? Sylvester had a couple girls named Amber. It was his favorite name.”
“Ignoring the weird dynamic at play there, I’m referring to the woman who died in his apartment. You probably took her shoes, on accident.” Harry picked up a glimmer of recognition in her eyes at that statement. He gave her a look that indicated that he knew she knew, and she sighed in defeat.
“He killed her, in mid-March. Wasn’t the first time she’d been there, wasn’t the first time he’d whipped her like that, but it was the first time she couldn’t take it.”
“How often did he do this?”
“Once a week, he rotated girls usually.”
“What did… he get out if it?” Harry asked. Allison would have stopped him, he could tell, but she was morbidly curious as well. 
“What else? Pleasure. He got off on the pain of others. That’s why he was so good at his job.”
“Which was?”
“Sylvester was the best damn pimp we ever had in the Syndicate. I’ve seen a lot. Lots of upstarts aces and twos and threes. Lot of them lose the stomach for the game pretty fast. But the more Sylvester did, the more he wanted.”
“Great…” Allison raised her eyebrows and shook her head. “And what’s your job? Besides watching this all go down.”
“Sylvester and I used to work together. Sometimes having a female face would make potential clients more… amenable to certain upcharges.” She sighed, somewhat wistfully Harry thought. “Now that he’s gone though I manage all his business.”
“Yeah, we’re going to need that client list too.” Allison said. Harry was leaning back in the couch but finally decided to rejoint he conversation.
“Shirley, I’m sure news has reaching you by now that we’re looking for the King of Hearts. We’ve already taken down the King of Diamonds and Clubs, and they’re next.”
“So that’s you two who’s on that crusade then? I’ve heard. Didn’t make the connection until you mentioned it.”
“Well, what do you have for us then?”
“I think that’s where I stop talking and ask for a lawyer.” Damn, well. At least they could still investigate the basement to find out what treasures were enclosed there. Treasures. That was the least apt word to describe what they were sure to find there. Allison just shrugged and removed a set of handcuffs from her pocket. She started to recite Shirley’s Miranda rights to her as Harry made his way into the kitchen to the knife block he had been examining earlier. There was distinctly one knife with an odd wear pattern, that didn’t seem to match pulling the knife out of the block nor putting it in on a constant basis. It looked almost like someone had grabbed it and pulled it downwards. The paint on the side of the handle had started to be smudged that direction from constant use. He gave the knife a good grab and pull and was delighted to find that the section of the wall he had theorized was a door started to swing away, tracing out the dust pattern he had noticed on the floor. He looked at Allison, somewhat smugly. 
“Yeah, yeah, good job.” She put Shirley back down on the couch, her hands behind her, and removed a flashlight from her pocket.
“No need for that, there’s a light switch.” Shirley said.
“Don’t think I’ll be trusting you on that just yet.” Harry had no such qualms and flipped the switch, the worst thing that could happen would be a trap, and his mind had already put him through the worst torture he could imagine. Thankfully, for all involved, the lights in the stairway turned on, revealing a clinical stainless steel hallway that descended some twenty feet below the house. Harry looked at the stairs and gripped his leg instinctively, his wound hadn’t quite healed yet and this stairway was going to really do a number on him. 
That and the last time he had an important stairway to traverse he got lost in the stair dimension for 5 minutes. He took a tentative step into the stairwell. If he was going down he wanted to be sure he was in front of Allison, in case he needed her to smack him upside the head to bring him back to reality. Nothing interesting happened on the first step, nor the second, nor the third, and before he knew it he was at the bottom, looking into an unlit room where he couldn’t make anything out. He reached for another light switch and turned it on.
“Good god.” For once it was Harry’s turn to say something that would mildly concern his partner. Who, as it would happen, was just coming down the stairway. She had brought Shirley with her, although for what purpose Harry had no idea. She too now lay eyes upon the monstrosity in front of them. 
“You do see what I see right?” Harry thought he might be hallucinating.
“Yes.” Allison replied. There was a man, stark naked as the day he was born, strapped spread eagle to a surgeon’s table.  His legs were fastened to either side, affording the group an unrestricted view of his genital area. His arms were also fastened, so he formed a sort of starfish shape. His chest was covered in whip marks, not too unlike the ones on Amber back in Sylvester’s apartment. There was still blood running down the man’s side. Shirley must have been in here when they knocked on the door, that would explain why it took her so long to open it for them. The exterior of the room was lined with stainless steel cabinets, all of which seemed to display a bevy of surgical and medical equipment. In one of them was a sink. It looked almost out of place, being the least torturous item in the room.
“What the hell is going on here?” Harry said. He wanted to vomit again. No trash cans here, sink was the only option if it came to it. He held it back, this wasn’t the time. He had questions. So many questions. He approached the man. Allison stopped him. 
“Let me.” She approached, placing her hand against his neck. “We have a pulse. He’s not dead… yet. Looks like he was well on the way.” She reached into her pockets to find a set of gloves. “Second crime scene in 24 hours, isn’t this just dandy.”
“Who is this man?” Harry asked Shirley. Not that he expected an answer, she’d asked for a lawyer already. 
“He deserved it.”
“That doesn’t answer the question. Who is he?” 
“Just another guy who came to Vegas to cheat on his wife. Pretty sure he beat her.” Oh god. 
“Jesus Christ, so we have to take him to the hospital, and then arrest him?” Harry was getting quite tired of this entire shtick. He looked away from the man and tried to focus on the room itself. He needed clues. Shirley wasn’t going to give them any way to get to the King of Hearts, so they’d need to figure it out on their own. The room was providing no clues. It was too clean, too spotless for investigation. But the man…. The man was interesting. He did provide at least one clue. Harry approached Allison and moved up next to her. He kept his voice low so that nobody except Allison would be able to hear him. 
“No wedding ring. She’s lying.” He said. He pointed to the man’s hands with his eyes. They were spread apart but Allison followed his gaze to both. 
“You’re right. Could be somewhere else in the room?”
“No, he has no ring tan lines. Nothing to indicate he’s got a ring at all. He looks young too. Early twenties at most. Not that that means he couldn’t be married but…” 
“Yeah.” She handed Harry a pair of gloves, which he accepted and slipped over his hands. No weird sensation this time, thank god. He went to investigate the man’s hands when a gurgling noise surprised him and almost knocked him backwards on his feet. 
“Holy shit is he awake?” Harry asked. Did Allison hear him? She didn’t seem like she processed what he said. Oh, yeah, looks like time was slowed to a halt again. He had clearly made his statement, but it hadn’t reached Allison yet. He was standing a few feet back from the man, but he could see that he was also about to say something. His lips moved slowly. One syllable at a time. 
“Help… me…” His voice reached Harry before Allison’s response?
“He’s awake.”
“Please…. how did I get here?” There was the distinct sound of blood in the man’s voice. Harry didn’t know how, but he knew what he needed to do. His brain was processing the events faster than anyone else in the room, everyone was still in slow motion. He blinked a few times and things returned to normal.
“Allison, his lungs are going to fill with blood.” 
“What? How can…”
“You can hear it in his voice. The blood is pooling in his mouth. Call 911. Go. Go!” He yelled at Allison. She took off, running up the stairs to the living room to find a phone. Harry frantically moved to the cabinets and started to search through them for something that would work. He knew what he needed. A tube. A pipe, anything. The blood was coming from higher in his throat, he could bypass the bleed with a… No time now. He found a scalpel. Looks like he’ll need to perform a tracheotomy. A pen. He needed a pen. The fountain pen! It was still in his pocket, he put it back after stabbing Diana with it. The nib was knackered, but the tube would still work. 
He ripped the pen apart, removing the tube and dropping the feed and nib on the floor. Not much time now, he had to go fast. He wasn’t even sure where this memory was coming from, somewhere in his past life as an assassin must have trained him for this. Well, this or the opposite. Didn’t matter now, his hands were moving without him thinking about it. Knife to the throat. He had to close his eyes for a second. The blood didn’t process well with his brain, even though he had expected it to happen. 