There was a beeping, not too unlike in rhythm to the ticking Harry had heard before his collapse. Harry could still not see, at least not yet. He panicked for a moment before realizing, embarrassingly, that his eyes were actually closed. 
But he found no comfort when he opened them. The beeping had tipped him off but he was most distressed to confirm that he was in a hospital room. He half expected to be in the general ward, so he was somewhat surprised to see that he was alone in his room, in what seemed like the ICU. Sensation returned to his fingers and he ran them along the side of the bed to confirm that he was feeling what he was seeing. Nothing so far seemed out of the ordinary.
“You’re awake.” Harry had somehow missed the nurse entering the room as he regained his senses. 
“I think so. This is…”
“Las Vegas General. Yes. You collapsed on stage.” The nurse was flipping through some papers attached to the clipboard in their hand. “We ran some tests.” Harry’s eyes went wide. “Paid for by your boss. Should be in any second now. Everything seems to be in order, no unusual compounds in your bloodstream. MRI showed no signs of brain trauma.” The nurse flipped the pages back to their original resting position.
“So why did I end up here?”
“Not sure. But you should be fine to leave. We’ll discharge you this afternoon, out of caution we want to monitor you for a few hours to make sure nothing else unexpected happens. Do you have any family we should notify?”
“I…” Harry searched his brain. Last night he had mentioned a wife. He knew that much. But he couldn’t remember a wife today. Why did he mention her last night? “Don’t think so.” He eventually concluded his sentence after an agonizingly long pause. The nurse just looked at him. 
“Harry, what the fuck happened out there last night?” Harry had failed to notice another entrance to the room. Carl Samson was a portly man with a grating voice who never ceased to make his presence known, so this was a particular surprise. His attention was clearly slipping. 
“I don’t know boss. I don’t know.”
“Well I’m cutting your pay for the week.” Harry’s boss was generally unpleasant, but this was unkind even for him. 
“Really Carl? I’m in the hospital. Banged my head pretty bad last night. I could’ve died.”
“That’s exactly why I’m cutting it. We have an arrangement, you give me 7 good shows, I give you 7 days of pay. That means one bad show, no payment for the week. You signed the contract, you deal with the consequences. I already lost enough paying for all our medical bills anyway.” 
It was true. Harry’s employment did not come with health insurance, so Carl’s reluctant generosity had been an unusual gift. But Harry had crunched the numbers in his head and even with the medical expenses he still should have had at least half a week’s salary owed. Damn. That would mean he would have to cut expenses for the next… 

Carl was snapping his fingers. The first snap hadn’t registered in Harry’s brain but the second had triggered an intense blinding light to creep across his vision. The third snap cleared the fog before Harry finally shouted at Carl to stop. 
“I was just testing. I wanted to see if it would happen again.” Harry shook his head. Something had clicked into place in his brain.
“It was a psychic suggestion Carl. I use the same script every night, someone embedded a trigger in my phrasing that would knock me out on the snap. Snapping alone won’t do anything.” Harry took a deep breath to calm himself. It was a lie. The snap had done something, but he just couldn’t tell what. A memory unlocked, whether by design or mistake, and Harry had realized that he didn’t need to budget as much as he thought. 

Harry’s first stop after being discharged was the bank. He did not have a bank card, but an account number was recently restored to his brain, and approached the teller desk to inquire as to his financial situation. Once he was satisfied with the number within (large enough that he reasonably wouldn’t have to work for Carl for the next decade if he so desired) he took a meandering path down the street towards nothing in particular. 
It was customary in Harry’s profession to carry a deck of cards in your pocket. Mentalism wasn’t just a stage performance, and on a normal day Harry would grift someone on the street for petty cash when Carl was refusing to pay him. But today, instead, Harry took the deck of cards out and started to idly shuffle it as he walked. He was thinking, about the money mostly. Harry’s memory indicated that it was payment for an entirely different kind of job that he… fuck. Harry looked down at the deck of cards in his hand and noticed that one of the card backs was entirely unlike the rest. 
He reached into the deck and removed the unique card. The rest of his deck was plain red diamonds, with The Mirage printed neatly in a cutout in the center. He had stolen it from a dealer at the poker table two weeks back. But here in his hand he held a card who’s back was entirely purple triangles surrounding an ornate, somewhat gothic, but entirely distinguishable, S. He turned the card over to reveal, unsurprisingly to Harry it seemed, the ten of spades.
This revelation prompted Harry to pursue a course of action he had neglected for far too long now. He approached the Vegas police station and demanded to the poor receptionist to see the captain of the station. She, having nothing much better to do at the moment, granted him access and showed him to her office.
Chief Allison Hayes was not in a pleasant mood and definitely not in the mood to deal with Harry, it seemed. She was chewing on a cigar and furiously scribbling notes on papers. Harry announced his presence by clearing his throat and knocking on the door.
“What do you want?” She glared up at him without moving her head from its position staring at her desk. Harry didn’t verbally respond. Instead, he reached into his shirt pocket and removed the ten of spades he had stored there earlier and threw it across the table. It glid gracefully to a stop on top of Allison’s paperwork, directly below her left thumb. She sighed and turned her gaze downward to the card before slowly picking it up as she recognized the card back displayed in front of her. 
“You could have gotten this anywhere.” Her voice was unperturbed but her face betrayed her recognition. She was finally looking up directly at Harry, instead of through her forehead. 
“But I didn’t. You never released that information to the public” He knew that for certain. The details of the murders had been quite public, the playing card as a calling card. Almost always a different card. But the press had never talked about the back. Harry knew she recognized it. 
“May be true, but it doesn’t mean anything. This is a waste of time. Get out of my office.”
“Before I do, you should know that this isn’t the first time you’ve dismissed me.”
“What?”
“I was here yesterday. Showed you the card. You said the same thing in fact. Then you threw me out.”
“Bullshit. I would remember.” Allison was trying to hand Harry the card but he wasn’t taking it. He had his hand on the door handle but was facing into the office where Allison was still seated. 
“No, you wouldn’t. My name is Harry Flynn.” He saw some new recognition cross her face, same as the day before and yet slightly more concerned.
“The psychic.”
“The same. You saw my show, 6 months ago. January 17. You volunteered for the hypnosis section.”
“And what of it?” Harry sighed.
“May I sit down?” Allison glared at him. She was thinking. “Check the security camera if you don’t think I was here. Or ask the receptionist. I can wait.”
“Sit down.” She sighed as Harry finally accepted the card back. 
“I don’t select my volunteers randomly. If there’s someone with power in the audience I always choose them. That was my job. Then right before I sent you back to the audience, we’d cut the mic and I’d whisper a psychic cue in your ear.” 
“And that, what?” Allison put her cigar down. 
“Let me do whatever I want with your mind. The memory cheats.”
“So you wiped my mind. Yesterday.”
“I knew you’d be resistant to what I had to say. But if I introduced enough fear into your mind then…” Harry shrugged. “Easy.” 
“And what exactly was it that you wanted to say?”
“Someone’s been messing with my mind.”
“You don’t say.”
“This is different. You’re not a psychic, you have no resistance to these kinds of things. I know all the tricks. What’s happening to me shouldn’t be possible.”
“Really?” Allison wasn’t enthralled. 
“It doesn’t matter. I was a part of the Sequoia Syndicate for 5 years. The card there proves it. I was the ten of spades. Then I got out. I’ve been out for a month. And now this. It’s not a coincidence.” Harry was about to sigh but it would betray what he was seeing. The desk in front of him was getting further away from him. The room itself seemed to be getting longer, and Allison further away. Her voice was getting quieter, seemingly in line with the additional room between the two of them. “Whatever’s happening to me… I can’t stop it until I know who did it.”
“And you think it was someone in the syndicate?” Harry went to answer but Allison cut him off. “We’ve been tracking the syndicate for a decade now, Mr. Flynn. What makes you think that you could give us anything that we don’t already know?”
“Well, Chief Hayes. I have names. Not many, but a few. Low ranking members. We’ll have to work up from there.”
“We?” She spat the word out with particular disdain. Harry barely heard it, she was a hundred feet away from him now. He rubbed his eyebrow with his hand. He was searching for something, a memory, a name. Spades committed murder for hire. He was damn good at it too, but he needed proof. A name finally popped forth, buried, but just barely.
“Brandon Allen. September 18, 1992. He attended my show. We took him on stage. I embedded a trigger in him. Two days later I approached him in the Circus Circus bar. I used the trigger to get him to go to a local baseball field. Shot him, back of the head…” Harry had to think. The details were slipping away again, just as Allison was returning to his field of view. The room was moving in the opposite direction now. “shit… 500 meters. Sniper rifle. Window of the Treasure Island construction site. Approached and left my calling card as required.” 
“Shit. You are the real deal.” She reached into her desk to grab a pair of handcuffs and placed them on her desk. “That confession is admissible in court.”
“No it’s not. My mind is broken, and continues to break. I can’t even remember what I just told you.” It was the truth. “By next week I might not even remember my own name. By trial I’d be incoherent.” 
“Fuck you Harry.” Allison said.  
“Both our best bets are to work our way through the syndicate. I know you agree.”
“Why me? There’s half a dozen police stations in the area. Just as many sergeants. What do I get you?”
