No, he was watching a lady on a bike. A bright red beach cruiser. She was weaving in and out of traffic, back and forth, between cars, making extremely slow progress down the strip. It was fascinating. What was she doing? And why was she on a bike? Why was it red? Harry took a step into the street, and cars honked at him as he crossed the first lane. It didn’t matter. He was trying to intercept the bike, heading towards where he would have intersected with her. Would have, a past tense form, because he suddenly blinked and was sitting in the car next to Allison.
“What the…” He looked around. “How long have I been in the car?”
“Five minutes. Harry? I’ve been trying to get your attention for five minutes. What happened?”
“I just… I was crossing the street. The strip. There was a lady on a red bike coming down the road, I was going to ask her why. I was crossing the…. Never mind.”
“You followed me into the car. What the fuck are you talking about?”
“My subconscious must have taken over. I’ve followed you to the car so many times I just entered the dream realm.”
“Harry you’re becoming a liability. If I can’t trust that you’re going to have my back, it’s not fair of you to expect I’ll have yours.”
“I know, I know, I’m working on it.” Harry finally processed where they are. They were parked at an apartment complex, probably not too far from the casino considering the short drive distance. 
“How?” The question caught him off guard. Allison had a piece of gum in her hand, she looked like she was about to put it in her mouth. 
“What?”
“How are you working on it? What were you hoping to achieve with Sylvester?” Harry leaned against the car door. 
“When you put a mental block in place, you usually pin it to a memory. Building a mental block requires putting some memories on one side of a wall, and others on another, and your mind can only access one side of the wall. The lynchpin memory keeps the block in place, by existing on both sides of the wall. It’s a tunnel through, that the psychic who put the block in place can use to access memories without breaking the lock.” Harry saw some confusion in Allison’s eyes but continued anyway. “If you can force the memory onto one side of the lock, you can do a few things. If you bring it to the forefront, the side the mind can access, you can break the lock. All the memories on the other side become accessible. If you push the memory to the other side the lock becomes unbreakable.”
“I don’t understand where you’re going with this.”
“Give me another moment. Not every psychic uses a memory as a lock, and not every psychic has the same ideas on what kind of memory to use. I’m hoping that the same psychic who memory blocked Sylvester memory blocked me. Which would give me insight on what kind of memory I would look for to break my own lock.” Harry continued, over Allison’s attempted interruption. “When I made mental blocks, I tried to use obscure memories. Maybe one day you made waffles instead of toast for breakfast. That’s what I would use. It’s innocuous. Unexpected. Whoever did Sylvester had a different approach. They used a visceral, horrific, uncomfortable memory. It’s obvious, it stands out, it’s easy to find. But so uncomfortable that reliving the memory to break the lock is physically repulsive. Both methods have their merits. Both have their detractions.” Allison nodded.
“You think that somewhere in your mind is a memory so repulsive you haven’t found it yet, and that that memory is what’s keeping your last half a dozen years of your life away from you?”
“Yes. And somehow something has weakened the wall, that’s where the hallucinations come from. It’s where the memories that seep through are coming from.” He said. “Was that explanation satisfactory?”
“It’ll do. For now.”
“Allison I didn’t expect you to go this far with me, if I become a liability then you shouldn’t be afraid to protect yourself.”
“We’ll see, I’m not about to leave anyone behind.” There wasn’t much joy in what Allison was saying, Harry could sense that, but it didn’t bother him. “Some boys down at the station said this was our most likely bet, so let’s go take a look.”
“Yeah.” Harry finally opened the car door he had been leaning against for the past ten minutes. The apartment building was three stories tall, and Harry scanned it up and down. “That one.” He pointed at a room on the third floor, on the west side. 
“How do you know?”
“Window looks like it hasn’t been cleaned. Of all the rooms that matched Sylvester’s description that one seems the least lived in.”
“Why would we look for one unlived in?” The pair were walking towards the front door. 
“I have a hunch someone paid for the apartment for a few months after Sylvester left.” This hunch would bear fruit very soon, namely, as soon as Harry reached the front door. There was a directory there, and he pointed to Sylvester’s name, which was still printed on the front door registry. 
“Fair enough. Let’s go investigate.”  

As they expected, nobody answered the door when they knocked. Allison drew her gun, just in case something weird happened. Which was fair, because Harry had suddenly gotten a really bad feeling about the whole thing. He stood a few steps back from the door and watched as Allison prepared to kick the door down. The door splintered under her foot and she made her way inside. She flipped the light switch next to the door. 
“Oh fuck.” She continued through the apartment, but Harry was uneasy at her initial response. “It’s clear, you can come in.”
It was immediately obvious what Allison had been referring to. There was a girl, lying in the bed, stark naked, face down. Her back was covered in whip scars, some old, some which looked like they were made shortly before she had died. The body was not new and looked to be in a bit of a state of decay, much like the rest of the apartment. The lady’s arm was hanging off the bed, and Harry could see that some of the marks made their way down her arm. Her feet too were… oh god. He turned to his right and found a trash can, projectile vomiting into it. The smell had finally processed in his brain, and that combined with the image in front of him and turned his stomach sideways. It had been months since he had last thrown up, but he’d come close when the knife was in his leg. He dry heaved a few times, but nothing more came out. The stench of his own vomit nearly triggered a third attack.
“Do we think it’s the same girl from the memory?” Allison asked. She was inspecting the girl, closer, snapping a pair of gloves on as she did so.
“I don’t know. How are you taking this so well?”
“It’s not unusual in my line of work. It just isn’t what I expected to find today.” She looked over at Harry. “Your reaction is about what I expected, honestly.”
“Yeah, well. It’s not a pretty sight no matter how you look at it.” He found a towel that looked like it was still vaguely clean and wiped off his face. His stomach wanted to throw up again, but there was nothing left to come up. He added the towel to the trash can and turned to face the body once more, bracing himself for the sight as he did so. 
“Do we think it’s the girl from the memory?” Allison asked. She was lifting up the girl’s right hand, presumably to check if her hand was still intact for finger prints. 
“It might be. The layout of the room matches Sylvester’s description. If it’s not a girl from that memory it wouldn’t be far-fetched to assume she might be from another. What are you doing?”
“This is a crime scene Harry, a murder investigation just dropped right into our laps and I need to do my job.”
“Be that as it may, I think you and I both know who probably killed this woman, and we both know that we can’t prosecute. Not yet.”
“You would have been a good detective Harry, if you’d have played for the right side. I know that. But we’re not exactly any closer to finding any of the current hearts, which means investigating her untimely and unfortunate demise is going to be our only option.” Harry just sighed. He knew he would have to help her with this investigation if they were to make any substantial progress. This was a room of nightmares. The dark lightning combined with the horrific stench were allowing his imagination to run wild, and he thought for a second he saw a pair of eyes looking out of the nearby closet. It must have been another hallucination, nobody would survive in here for more than a day with this body. 
“If I had to guess the body’s been here at least a month.” Allison said. She returned to an upright position, no longer leaning over the bed to examine the body. “Hand is still intact which means we can lift some prints and possibly get some identification.” Harry shook his head no. 
“Don’t need to wait so long. Purse, hanging on the coat rack, by the door. Saw it when we came in.” He made his way towards it. He was about to open it when Allison stopped him.
“You’ve already contaminated my crime scene with your vomit, Harry, be a good dog and put these gloves on at least.” He twisted his mouth in disapproval but took the gloves from Allison and slipped them over his hands. The sensation was weird, he expected them to be cold but instead his nervous system seemed to have short circuited and all he felt was a sticky slimy substance inside the gloves. His subconscious made an unfortunate connection with Sylvester’s former profession and Harry forcibly shoved the image out of his mind. 
“She’s got a driver’s license in here. Amber…” Harry was trying to read from it, but the words were falling off the license as he processed them. “Truong… I think.”
“You think? What do you mean you think?”
“I can’t really read right now, looks like my eyes are having a bit of difficulty processing—ah fuck” the words landed on Harry’s hand and burned a hole right through. They spiraled through the hole in his hand and gracefully landed on the floor. held his hand up and looked at Allison through the hole in his palm. “Do you see that?”
“See what?”
“The hole, in my hand?”
“Harry your hands look fine. Look.” She grabbed his hand in hers and squeezed. He felt nothing. 
“I don’t feel anything.”
“Well, I can’t really help you then.” She leaned down and picked up the driver’s license that Harry had dropped in the panic. “Looks like you read the name correctly, for all that’ll do for us. Without a job history or a life story we’re not going to be able to figure out how she got here, let alone how she ended up dead in this room.”
Harry was not paying attention to Allison, he was currently focusing in on something on the other end of the room that had caught his eye. The closet door was once again ajar, and he was sure he had seen something there.  