He approached cautiously, his hand still smoldering from the burned through hole. Combine that with the uncomfortable squish of the gloves Harry was still wearing, and he was all around having a bad time. Not to mention the unending stench. He grabbed the closet door and slowly opened it to reveal… nobody. No person, at least. He shouldn’t have been surprised, Allison had cleared the apartment before he had come in, it was expected to be empty. 
For a moment, brief though it was, Harry thought he saw a snake curled up in the closet, and he jumped back. No, it was not a snake. His eyes finally processed what it was, mercifully deciding to grant him a reprieve from the hell that was his imagination, revealing that in the darkness of the closet was the whip. He gingerly approached and removed it from the closet, holding it up for Allison to see.
“Found the whip.” 
“Good job Harry. This might give us a clue to the murderer.”
“Pretty sure, again, we know exactly who’s fingerprints are going to be on this handle.” 
“I know, Harry, I know. You don’t have to keep reminding me.” She said. She pulled an evidence bag out of her pocket and held it open so that he could place it into the bag. He noticed that, concerningly, his hand still looked to have a hole burned right through. 
“If it’s alright with you, I think I’m going to go outside and get some air.”
“Fine, fine.” She tossed him the car keys. “Radio in for a crime scene team while you’re at it?” He just nodded, feeling the tell-tale signs in his throat of another vomit incident. He shoved the door out of the way and ran down the stairs. Or at least he tried to. He was stopped on the way down by someone, a girl. She looked familiar. What was it about her that looked familiar? She passed him on the stairway, and he turned to see the back of her head. It clicked at that moment.
“Amber?” She processed his statement, and stopped at the top of the stairs. The lights had gone out, and Harry suddenly felt quite alone. The lights flickered, but did not stay on, remaining flickering. He saw the apartment hallway now looking quite dingy and run down, wallpaper peeling off the walls. The lights continued to flicker. Amber was stopped at the top of the staircase and turned to look over Harry’s left shoulder. She shook her head before continuing up the stairs onto Sylvester’s floor. She walked towards the apartment and waited a second. 
Harry suddenly realized what was happening. He turned and saw Sylvester coming up the stairs. His mouth looked like it was moving, but Harry didn’t know what he was saying. He couldn’t. His hallucination was reconstructing the events that had happened here on the day Amber died, from the context clues in the hallway. He saw Sylvester trip on one of the stairs before continuing up. A closer examination of the stairs as he circled past Sylvester indicated that the carpet on that stair had come up, leaving a piece of Sylvester’s shoe stuck in it. 
And Amber must have stopped at the door because she smudged her nail polish on the door frame. It was hard to make out from this distance, but he saw she was rubbing her finger impatiently on the door. None of this mattered, of course, Harry was learning nothing that he didn’t know before. But why did the lights flicker? Ah. He noticed that the light switch on the wall had been recently replaced. Electrical work had been done. He wasn’t sure if he agreed with this assessment of what that meant for the hallway illumination but went with it anyway. He heard something and turned back down the stairway. A creak at the bottom. He must have stepped on that step on the way in and archived the creak. But there was a third person. There had to have been, Harry realized. 
It had bothered him in the apartment, but he hadn’t said anything to Allison. The pair of heels by the door didn’t fit Amanda’s feet. They were too small. He hadn’t been able to come up with a reasonable explanation before vomiting his guts into a trash bin and hallucinating he lost half his hand. But now… He jogged up the stairs and weaved his way between Sylvester and Amber, who his mind was imagining making out as he tried to unlock the door. He opened the door and saw that the apartment looked much cleaner than it had when he was in there before. Christ, hopefully he was actually in the apartment and his mind hadn’t lied to him. 
“Allison.”
“Did you radio for backup?” So she was here.
“Where are you?”
“In the kitchen.” Harry shook his head. He didn’t see her there. Whatever.
“Allison, there was somebody else here, when Amber was murdered.”
“How do you know?”
“The shoes by the door. They don’t fit Amber’s feet, they’re a size too small. Whoever else was here must have accidentally taken her shoes by mistake, since they would have still fit their feet, and left theirs behind instead.” He was looking at where the shoes should be. Hopefully Allison picked up on this and had moved to the door beside him. Success, he heard her pick up the shoes. 
“Fuck. You’re right.”
“You can tell that already?”
“Yeah, I measured her feet earlier, thought it might help identify the body in case we can’t find out any other way.” Harry heard the rustle of the bag and assumed Allison was putting the shoes into an evidence bag. Harry felt the door swish through his body and saw that Sylvester and Amber were making their way into the apartment now, followed ominously by the third person. They walked towards the bed and evaporated in a cloud of smoke as they approached, likely because Harry could no longer accurately predict what they would do next. The smoke trilled through the room, before blinding Harry. When it parted it revealed that he was once again back in the present day, looking at Allison in the apartment. “Wanna go make that call for a crime scene team?”
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll get right on it” Harry said, a little absent mindedly. He exited the apartment once more, crossing his fingers nothing would go wrong this time. 

Harry struggled through his performance that night, but got through it without causing an incidents on stage. Yet. The frequency of hallucinations was getting to the point that doing a show in the evening was dangerous. Not to mention unnecessary, given his discovery of his Syndicate bank account. It wouldn’t be long before he couldn’t do another show, but he wanted to make it last as long as possible before he threw in the towel. And even after the show it was another 16 hours before Allison contacted him and asked him to come into the station.
“What have you got for me today, Allison?” He sat down across from her. She was smoking again, and had clearly made some significant progress through a cigar that only yesterday was brand new. That was not a good sign.
“Confirmed the identity of the victim. Was exactly who we thought it would be based on the driver’s license. Confirmed Sylvester owned the whip too.”
“Fingerprints were processed that fast?”
“Oh god, no. Found a receipt for the whip and tracked the credit card to Sylvester. Tracker Amber from her address, found her mother. Had a suit do it.”
“And what about the other girl? The one who’s shoes got left behind?”
“Ah, now there we have something interesting.” Allison finally looked up from the report she had been reading. “I think I have a lead on who it might be. I wanted you to come with while I went and checked her out, in case she has ties to the Syndicate.”
“How’d you find her?”
“Called the apartment office, wanted to confirm that Sylvester owned the apartment. Which he did. But turns out there was a cosigner on the apartment, someone who added themselves in February of this year.”
“Just a month before Sylvester would have stopped payment on the apartment.”
“Exactly.” 
“Seems suspicious.”
“That’s what I thought. You good to go now?”
“Always. Why do you ask?”
“Just wanted to know if you were seeing any more ghosts or not.”
“Not right now Allison, but I can’t control when I lose control. That’s exactly the point.” Allison shrugged and put her cigar out. She returned it to her cigar case and got up. 
“Let’s go then.”

Harry was surprised at the distance they had to drive to get to…
“Hey what did you say this girl’s name was?”
“Shirley Black.” Ah. It had taken a long time to get to Shirley’s house. It was east of Vegas, in a semi uninhabited part of the surrounding area, being mostly desert. Bit of an odd place for her to live, but Harry didn’t dwell on the idea. The house sat on a large property, pretty far back from the street down a long entrance driveway. They approached the door, and Allison did the customary knock.
“Ms. Black. Police, we want to talk to you.” Silence from the other side of the door. For a moment. Harry thought for a moment that Shirley would try and run, leaving them standing there, but he didn’t see a car anywhere and the house had no garage. His fears were alleviated when the door finally opened. 
The woman on the other side matched the idea in his minds eye, that is, her feet were exactly a size 6. That was all Harry really cared about so he looked up at her eyes and waited for Allison to speak. 
“Ms. Black. My name is Sergeant Hayes, this is my associate Harry Flynn. We’re here about Sylvester Malone, may we come in?”
“That asshole? Yeah. Come in.” Harry entered behind Allison and took a look around. The living room was plain, nothing hung on the walls. It allowed the natural beauty of the wood to shine through, although it looked like it hadn’t been dusted in years. Harry ran his fingers along the wall but got stopped.
“Stop that.” Shirley said. 
“Sure.” Harry shrugged. Weird. Ah, he noticed a panel distinctly cleaner than the rest, as if it had been moved recently. It was near the kitchen counter, probably activated from somewhere near there. Allison was asking Shirley some customary questions but Harry tuned them out until she asked something worthwhile. 
“Ms. Black, how long have you been a cosigner on Sylvester Malone’s apartment at Bedrock Place?”
“Three months.”
“Why?” Harry asked from the back of the room.
“Sorry, I’m not sure what you’re asking.”
“Why were you the cosigner?”
“Sylvester and I had some business together. The apartment was conveniently placed for both of us.” Harry nodded. He was covertly making his way around the room, crossing behind the ferns decorating the sky-lit living room. Allison asked something else but Harry didn’t hear what it was. He was close now. There was a knife in the knife block who’s grip looked recently used. 
“Ms. Black, Shirley if I may.” She nodded. “Whatever my colleague is saying of no real importance. She’s just going through the formalities. I have a theory of my own, however, and it’s starting to look increasingly correct.” He made his way around to the couch Shirly was seated on. “May I?” He pointed at the seat next to her. She looked dissatisfied at the question, but gave him permission nonetheless. “Shirley, have you heard of the Syndicate?”
“No. Never heard of them.”
“Fascinating answer, this room has Syndicate written all over it. That plant there.” He pointed. “That plant’s at least a quarter of a million. Allison what’d you say Shirley did for a job?”
“She works a cash register, at the supermarket.”