“I’m on the dance floor, at the Mirage. Meredith is on the floor and she’s looking mighty fine tonight.”
“Did you stay there that night?”
“Yes I did.”
“Alone?”
“No, Meredith came back to my room with me.”
“How did that come about?”
“I joined her on the dance floor of course. We were rocking the way through the night, having a good time. I drank lots of alcohol. She drank lots of alcohol. It was a party.”
“Sounds like a good night.”
“It was.”
“Is that your oldest memory?”
“I think so.”
“Let’s find out. Sylvester I want you to walk back towards a door. Once you open it you’ll be back in the hotel. You should be in the corridor, with your safe room on the right. Are you there?” He nodded. “Good. Let’s go further down the corridor, towards the elevator. The next door on the left. You approach and recognize that the writing on the door indicates that it is March 13th, 1993. Can you try and open the door for me?” Sylvester nodded. He grimaced. Something was wrong.
“The handle isn’t turning. It’s locked.” Sylvester evidently was still trying to open the door, even though Harry had only asked him to do it once. 
“That’s ok, Sylvester. Listen to me. I’d like you to look down the hallway. There I am. I’m walking towards you, there’s something in my hand. It’s a key. Do you see it?”
“Yes, yes I do!” He was excited. Was it really all that interesting what was going to be behind this door?
“Good. I’ve just reached you, let me put the key in your hand.” Harry picked up Sylvester’s actual keycard off the bed and placed it in his hands. The psychic suggestion combined with the tactile feel of the card in his hand should bolster the hallucinatory mind space. “Sylvester, use the key on the door, would you?” Silence. “What happened?”
“The door beeped and the light went green.”
“Have you not tried to open the door yet?” He shook his head. “Are you scared?” A nod. It was fair, whatever was beyond this door was likely the last day he worked for the Syndicate. “Can you go ahead and open the door Sylvester?” There was silence. An awkward silence, something was wrong.
“It’s empty.”
“What do you mean?”
“It’s a closet. There’s nothing in here.” Damn. Harry grabbed the pad of paper off the bedside table and wrote something down.
Mental block is more complex than imagined. Will have to approach from a different direction. He handed it to Allison.  
What does that mean
Watch. Harry put the pen down and turned his focus back to Sylvester. 
“It’s ok Sylvester, we’re going to move to a different memory, ok?”
“Ok.”
“Close the door and put the key in your pocket. We will come back to this door. Turn around and look at the door across the hallway. Can you approach this door and tell me what date you see on the door? It will be a day before March of this year.” Sylvester nodded. His eyes looked around before he spoke again.
“It is February 5th, 1993.” He said. Interesting. Harry had expected something further back. He was prying here, trying to find the weakest memory block in place. The fact that this date slipped through means that whatever happened that day must have been unimportant in the Syndicate’s grand scheme. 
“Ok Sylvester, let’s open that door and see what’s behind it.” Sylvester grimaced again. The moment soon passed.
“The door was jammed, but I opened it.” Expected. There’s still some of the memory block in place here, but not enough to keep Sylvester fully out. 
“Good job. What do you see?”
“It’s a room. An apartment. Looks like maybe I live here. I can see my suitcase on the bed.” Sylvester’s eyes betrayed the concern. He was looking around the room. Probably didn’t recognize anything in the apartment. Can’t say it’s his fault, really, he’s spent the past few months since his mind was erased living in hotels.
“Sylvester, can you look out the window and see where you are?” Allison hadn’t turned up an address in Sylvester’s file. To be fair, Allison hadn’t turned up anything before April of this year. Sylvester might not have even been his real name, but that was a stretch. Likely he was from out of town in his pre-Syndicate days. They were waiting for Sylvester to give them a clue…
“I can see the strip. I am… to the north of it. Looking south.” It was a start. Not much of one. 
“Directly in line?”
“Almost. A little east.” Better. It’ll have to do; this wasn’t the main thing they were here for in his memory anyway. 
“Good. What else do you see? Is there something that could indicate why you remember this date in particular?” Harry asked. It was an important question, there had to have been something that caused his brain to index this memory for storage. Sylvester’s face showed… disgust? Concern? He couldn’t tell. “Sylvester?”
“There’s a girl, on the bed. She’s… crying. She’s crying. I’m reaching into my wallet. Oh god, why am I doing that? I can’t control myself.” The distress was palpable. Harry nodded to Allison to grab his hands.
“Sylvester, Sylvester it’s ok. You’re reliving a memory, the past version of you is in control. Let them do it, tell us what’s happening.”
“I’m… he’s taking a stack of bills out of the wallet. He’s chucking them onto the girl. Oh god she has cuts on her back. What the fuck. It looks like she’s been whipped.” Jesus Christ. This was bad. “I can see the whip, it’s… it’s in my left hand. Did I do this? Harry, Harry did I do this?” Harry was scribbling on the paper.
Tell him who you are. Tell him it’s ok, that he doesn’t have to do anything he doesn’t want to.
“Sylvester, it’s ok.”
“Who are you? You’re not Harry.”
“My name is Allison. I’m here to help. Listen to my voice. It’s ok. You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to; this is just a memory. It’s in the past.” Sylvester nodded. 
“Sylvester, you’re feeling something. Your memory wants you to do something, that you’re currently resisting. Do you feel that?”
“Yes. Yes, it’s all unconscious. Part of me wants to do something and part of me doesn’t. The left over parts want me to leave.”
“Sylvester, I’m going to ask you to do something for me.” Allison looked at him.
I need him to do it. We need to overcome the block. She shook her head. They both knew it would push Sylvester to his limit. But Harry had no way to communicate that this was the only way. 
“Sylvester. What does half your body want to do?”
“Whip her.” Fuck. It could’ve been anything but that. Harry knew now why this memory was the lynchpin. It was intentional. Whoever had put this block in place had hinged it on this moment, a moment so horrifying that a regular, reasonable, adult human being would refuse to go through with the act. Whether or not the original Sylvester Malone, Jack of Hearts, third in line in the hearts suit, actually performed these acts was unclear. It wouldn’t be too hard to fabricate this memory, not if you were skilled enough. But Sylvester’s memory was too vivid for this to be a fabrication. He probably really did this, once. This made Harry uncomfortable. He didn’t want to have to do this. He wasn’t doing this, and it was a memory, anything that had happened to this woman had happened already. Harry couldn’t even see what was happening but he could sense it. Allison could too, he saw it on her face. 
Do we really have to do this? Allison asked.
Yes. I need to know more about the mental block.
Is that it? We can find clues to the rest of the hearts in the apartment.
We don’t even know if we’ll find the apartment.
Fine. Harry had won, but he didn’t feel very good about it. 
“Sylvester…” He took a deep breath. “I want you to….” Fuck. Having a conscience was the worst.  “Leave the room. Return to the hallway, walk to the safe room, and tell me when you’re there.” Allison looked at him with a furrowed brow. She wrote something down but Harry didn’t look at what it was. 
“I’m there.”
“Sylvester, I’m going to end our session for today. You will remember nothing that we did, unless I snap my fingers three times in quick succession. Does that make sense?” He nodded. “Good. When I snap my fingers you’ll wake up.” Harry sighed and snapped his fingers, shoving the piece of paper he and Allison had been talking about into his pocket before Sylvester awoke and saw it. Sylvester blinked a few times, and Harry could see his eyes start to refocus on the room in front of him. 
“Who’s this?”
“Allison Hayes, an associate of mine, she was here to help guide you through your mental space.”
“Did we learn anything?”
“I….” This was going to have to be a very delicate answer. “We did. I found what’s keeping the mental block in place. But…”
“But what? My memories were there? We found them?”
“We did but… in order to access them you would have to relive a memory that is… quite distressing. I made an executive decision to stop.”
“Why? I want to know what I’m missing. I want to…” Harry put up a hand. 
“I understand where you’re coming from. Truly, more than you could possibly know. But the cost would be high. And I couldn’t reasonably ask you to relive that memory without your consent. It would have been difficult for you to do. And if you refused, we may never have been able to get through.”
“I understand. What was it?” Harry wasn’t sure how to answer this, thank god Allison cut in with a response.
“Harry and I received some information from the part of the memory you did access. I’m a sergeant with the Las Vegas PD, we’d like to investigate what we did find out to see if it might help us work through the memory with you in another session.”  She was a good bullshitter. Even though he knew she was serious, that their next stop would be apartment buildings on the north side of the strip. “Does that make sense?”
“I think so.”
“Can we find you here tomorrow?”
“Yeah, yeah Harry’s paid me up through the next two days. I’ll be on the casino floor working towards the next week’s pay.” Allison and Harry nodded. 
“I’m sorry Sylvester, I did my best.” Harry said. Sylvester just shrugged and watched as the two left the room.

It wasn’t until they were in the elevator that Allison talked again. 
“What happened Harry?” Harry saw her eying the no smoking sign. There was a cigar in her lapel pocket, he could tell, she was itching to smoke it.
“Like I said to Sylvester, didn’t feel right. It just—” The elevator dinged and the door opened, but nobody entered.
“The woman existed only in a memory.”
“But she shouldn’t be whipped either, and I’m not going to have Sylvester do it by my hand, even if it is all in his head.”
“But your mental block.” The elevator made it to the ground floor. The door opened.
“I’ll find out another way. If we find nothing in the apartment, we can come back. I’ll push Sylvester, we’ll break through to the day his memory was erased. But whoever put the block in place did good work. They fixed the block on an abhorrent memory. It’s dastardly.” Harry wasn’t really sure where to go next. They were on the curb, looking at the strip. Cars zipped in and out, but Harry wasn’t really paying attention to any of them.