The men outside were totally unprepared for the pink feathered onslaught they were to face, as they were quickly buried in a mass of squawking chaos. The FBI agents started to panic and gunfire erupted from someone’s gun. Uh oh. Harry saw that some of the other trucks were opening, and more flamingos were pouring fourth. The noise was unbearable, a cacophony of gunshots and distressed flamingos. He immediately hit the ground and crawled next to the police cruiser he had been standing next to. Too many bullets flying too many places for comfort right now. He had his hands over his head as the gunshots ricocheted off the car. This was not a good time. There was a squawk in his left ear and he noticed that one of the flamingos had become wedged underneath the cruiser. What the fuck? There wasn’t anything he could do about that, so he shrugged at it and moved towards the end of the cruiser where Allison was firing back at the tidal wave. She dropped down to reload and looked at Harry. 
“Harry, what the fuck are you doing here? Go get the King.” He wasn’t even certain if she was actually talking or if he had just imagined that too. He looked back up at her and she was shooting over the hood of the car once more. Nothing to be done about it, he really had no choice here. Harry looked over and saw that Garcia was running out into the open. Fool. His car would provide adequate cover though, so he made a break for it and dove behind it. Some flamingos nipped at his feet as he ran, and he realized there were still more pouring from the trucks. They must have a limitless supply back there. A bullet struck the car near where Harry’s head was currently situated and he instinctively ducked. Shit, that was close. He put his head up near the window and looked through the car, trying to pick out the man they had seen talking to Garcia and Benjamin earlier. He was standing near the back of the flamingo torrent, safely above the slow-moving flood by virtue of remaining on the loading dock. He would have to approach from the front side of the convoy to avoid being seen, which meant making a run through the current no-man’s land occupied by the flamingo river. 
Harry crossed to the front of Garcia’s car and checked to see if anyone was looking his way. He saw a panicked Benjamin rushing towards the trucks in the FBI jacket he had left with him early, deftly avoiding the eyesight of any of the shooters. That was until one of them shot him in the leg. Bummer. The uniformed cop who had earlier promised to look after him was stationed nearby and watched as Benjamin was relentlessly drowned in flamingos. It was likely that Benjamin would be alright, but Harry couldn’t tell anymore. Maybe the flamingos were real. 
Harry waited for a break in the gunfire to make his move. He darted across the open space towards the front truck in the convoy. The river of flamingos was nearly knee deep now, and he felt like he was fording across a cavern. The feathers were ticklish on his legs, even though he was wearing jeans. He shouldn’t have been able to feel anything through the long pants, but no real reason to stop and think about it now. Gunshots flew over his head and he heard them whizz past. A bullet struck the truck in front of him and exploded into a miniature fireworks display. The entrails of the firework gently descended to the ground, turning into leaves as they did so. Harry crouched next to the front of the truck and picked up one of the leaves, gently resting atop the pile of flamingos he was using as a comfortable makeshift seat. 
The leaf was a bright green, but slowly started to decay into a deep brown before it died and flew away in the wind. Harry shook his head and peeked around the truck on the side of the loading dock. The man, presumably the King of Hearts, was directing some of his men to fire upon some approaching police cars, backup Allison had called. She had surreptitiously disabled Garcia’s walkie-talkie earlier, which ensured that the only backup that would arrive would be their own. The man on the dock turned away, to look to the back end of the convoy. Another truck opened up and another endless stream of flamingos started to pour out. The river dividing the convoy from the police cars grew deeper, spreading out to cover most of the ground between the loading dock and the wall on the other side of the police cars. The flamingos started to protest, and Harry felt a nip at his foot. Shit. A man screamed nearby, and Harry watched him get consumed by the endless stream of flamingos, sinking below the surface into nothingness. Harry felt another nip, it was now or nothing. 
Too late, his foot was grabbed by a flamingo and he tripped as he tried to take a lunch towards the loading dock. His face landed in a pillow of flamingo feathers, saving himself from a devastating fall. He lifted himself up and kicked off the flamingo, scrambling up the loading bay. Not much time, the man looked like he was going to turn around. He took a running leap and tackled the man to the ground, both of them falling off the dock into the stream of flamingos. They rolled over a few times, and Harry gasped for a breath underneath the crushing weight of the flamingos. 
The man too, was struggling to breathe, and Harry took a swing at his head. It contacted, in a comic book looking explosion of color. A bullet struck the bay behind Harry’s head and he ducked down. 
“Tell them to stop.” He hissed. A flamingo squawked in his ear.
“I know you who are. Harry Flynn.” The man tried to grab Harry by the neck but he dodged and grabbed the man back.
“You’re the King of Hearts, aren’t you?”
“No shit.” The flamingos were increasing, but started to break around Harry and the King, like a rock in a stream. The level of flamingos grew to the point where they exceeded the height of Harry’s eyes, cutting his vision off from everything else around. 
“Make them stop.”
“No.” The King rolled and Harry fell forward. The king moved to straddle Harry as he had been straddling the King, but a flamingo grabbed his foot and threw him off balance. Harry took the opportunity to strike at the man’s throat, and he stumbled backwards grabbing at his throat trying to breathe. Perfect. 
“Make them stop.” The man waved wildly; he couldn’t breathe. His throat would heal in a moment, he just needed to wait. He pointed towards a radio on his belt and Harry picked it up. “Ceasefire. Ceasefire.” Harry said, watching as the King stumbled backwards. Harry might have hit him a little harder than he had expected. The bullets stopped flying, and the gunshots slowed to a halt. The flamingo river started to subside, all of them getting washed away down the street. Allison ran up and took the radio from Harry, as he stared down the King. 
“Harry, Harry. Are you alright?” How could he answer that? Flamingos still permeated his vision. His hands were stained pink from their feathers, however that was possible. 
“Yeah.” She was handcuffing the King. Garcia ran up to try and perform the same action, but Harry stopped him. He grabbed him by the arm and pulled him aside.
“You fucked up Garcia.”
“I fucked up? I’ll think you’ll find that it was your idea to come out here tonight. You’re gonna sink for this Harry.” 
“Try again Agent Garcia. I was high out of my mind hallucinating a river of flamingos and I still fixed your fuck up.” He grabbed his shirt and ripped it open to reveal the wire. “And we’ve got it all on tape. Double copy, so don’t even think about trying to erase this one.”
“You still can’t prove that it was my idea to get us out here.”
“We bugged the interrogation room. You should’ve made a bigger effort to get to the station on time. You’re finished Garcia.”
“What do you want?” Garcia capitulated. His career mattered more than his morals.
“I want my record expunged. I go free. And I want carte blanche to take down the spades the way I want. Which means the FBI leaves us alone. Gone. In exchange you can take the credit for taking down the King of Hearts.” He needed to capitulate something in return. Garcia thought for a second.
“Fine.” He put out his hand.
“I’m not as dumb as Benjamin was, get it in writing. Triplicate. Have it on my door tomorrow and these recordings get buried.” Harry buttoned his shirt and walked away before Garcia could respond.  There was a paramedic nearby now hoisting the King of Hearts into an ambulance. Harry had put a lot of people into the hospital recently, he realized. Allison was supervising the process, a flamingo standing at her side. The flow had stemmed enough that the flamingos could now actually stand up, and the entire area was littered with them. Harry leaned down to pet it and it squawked in satisfaction as he did so. Allison, for her part, just looked at Harry confusedly.
“Hey Harry.” It was the King. “I know your secret.” His voice was hoarse, as if he could still only just barely breathe. He coughed and Harry approached. The King motioned for him to come closer, and the paramedic looked at Allison for approval. She nodded and they stopped lifting the gurney into the ambulance. “It was you Harry. You killed your wife. That’s why you wanted out of the Syndicate; why you wanted your mind wiped.” He smiled and started to laugh, before his throat collapsed again and he started grabbing at the nurse nearby in a panic. The paramedic calmed him down, assuring him that it was only temporary. Harry collapsed.
He was still conscious, but his brain was trying to process what he had just been told. He couldn’t even remember what his wife looked like… was this why? Because he was the one who had killed her? Allison rushed to his side.
“Harry, Harry, can you hear me?” Yes, he could. But he couldn’t respond. His voice didn’t work, even though his mouth moved. A flamingo leaned down and nuzzled his face, and he grabbed at it for comfort. Normally these hallucinations went away but this one… was trying to kill him. The flamingo bit his nose, and Harry tried to call out in pain. His cry went muffled, as soon as his mouth was open the flamingo buried its head inside.
He could feel the flamingo squeezing into his throat, morphing and contorting so that it would fit. His eyes teared up from the exertion. The flamingo’s head was stuffed down his throat now, and he felt it take a bite out of his throat. Allison was looking at him panicked, telling the paramedic to ignore the man on the gurney and focus on Harry instead. His breaths started to get shallower, the flamingo was near his epiglottis.
It had to have been a sight, if anybody else could see what was happening to Harry. The flamingo had sat its body down on his face to give its neck better access to Harry’s throat, and his head was entirely covered in the pink body. The weight of it alone could have suffocated him, but the obstruction in his throat was doing an adequate job. The flamingo squawked inside his throat and he felt it reverberate down to his stomach. The flamingo started to strain its head to one side, sliding its way down into his lungs. The pain was unceasing, straining against his chest as the flamingo turned its head side to side inside his left lung cavity. It started to pull towards his chest, and he placed his hand on his chest. It was bulging, expanding. The head was close to tearing through when the world suddenly exploded, his eyes rolling back and seeing nothing but white. There was no more pain, there was no more loading bay, no more flamingo. Just an empty white void.