His good knee gave out and he was on the floor, his hands supporting him. His mind was at the limit already and was only going to get worse the closer they got to finding out who set him on this path. It would be difficult… and probably not worth it. The ground was so warm, so inviting. The darkness enveloped him, like a blanket, and he found comfort in closing his eyes. His breathing slowed.

A blinding light cut through the darkness, and he blinked a couple times to let his eyes adjust. Allison was opening his eyelids and shining her flashlight over his face to check for dilation. He tried to sit up but collapsed back to the floor. She nodded and turned the light off, and Harry noticed that the streetlights that illuminated the parking lot were once again being parsed by his brain. 
“Can’t give up now Harry.” Allison said. That was kind of her. She normally berated him for these kinds of things. 
“What?”
“You were mumbling about giving up. You’ve still got a week at least on your deal with Garcia.” Well, it was close enough to a nice thing to say, anyway. 
“I know.” He finally got himself upright and put his back against the car door, spreading his legs in front of him. He took a deep breath. “It’s just getting harder to cherish the good moments. How long was I out?”
“Minute, maybe two.”
“Felt like ten. Looks like my brain’s temporal lobe falters in both directions then.”
“Whatever that means.” She put out her hand to help Harry up. He accepted and stood up. “I did a little look around, I think the loading dock is going to be our best bet.” She pointed towards the west convention center building. Harry nodded and followed her that direction, out of the light of the parking lot, into the darkness between, and the light once more as they approached the building. Harry removed the pocket watch from his pocket and cradled it in his hand. 11:51. Almost time now. 
“We should try take up a spot out of sight at first. See who shows up.” There was a trash bin near the dock, just off the side. 
“If we camp out behind that bin we should be able to see everything that goes on.”
“Good thinking Harry.” 

The behind-the-bin was cramped. Cramped and small and annoying. But it was something that afforded them a view of the entire loading dock without being seen. The first man to arrive made his way up onto the dock nearly exactly at midnight. It was not long after that more people start to shuffle in, filling in the area in front of the dock. A substantial crowd was forming, and Allison made an executive decision that they could safely blend into the crowd without themselves being recognized or made. 
The cast of characters was eclectic. Men with top hats, women in dresses. Men with jumpsuits, women in suits. Men in overalls, women in tracksuits. Any combination therein. Working class, middle class, upper class, nobody seemed to be absent in representation amongst the gathered crowd. It was this fact that spurred a realization that dawn on Harry in slow horror. He pushed his way through the crowd to Allison and leaned into her ear.
“It’s a sale.”
“Of what?” Harry did not have the chance to explain, as the man atop the loading dock turned to the audience to announce his presence.
“Good evening, ladies, gentleman, everyone in between and undefinable. It’s good to see such a turnout tonight!” 
“Do you have backup?” Harry hissed through his teeth at Allison. This was going very rapidly southwards.
“They’re on call. All I have to do is radio in.”
“Keep that radio close by, this is going to get wild.” Harry stepped away and turned his attention back to the man on the dock. The dock doors were opening slowly as the man faced the crowd and reveled in their applause. Someone on the inside must have been controlling the doors, which meant… Well, at least that explained why the parking lot lights were on.
“We have a good selection for you tonight, all courtesy of our friends south of the border.” He flashed a smile to the audience. It made Harry’s skin crawl, he was hating every second of this. The accent too, just a twinge of Texas mixed with the careless abandon of a Californian. Something about it coupled with the man’s profession made everything three times worse. “Our first offering for the evening is this lovely lady here…” Harry had to tune out what the man said next. He closed his eyes and bottled it away where he’d never find it. It was the only way to survive the night. He heard the sale close at four thousand and opened his eyes. The girl was shuffled off the loading dock. A young boy was shuffled out next, he looked no more than Diana’s age. Harry looked around for Allison but couldn’t find her, he must have been shuffled away in the crowd, separating them from each other. 
Harry felt trapped in the pandemonium that occurred next. The bay was not dark, but it wasn’t very light either. And it was even more so when the remaining exterior building lights were flipped on to reveal two police cruisers approaching. He saw three more careening down the street, setting up road blocks and closing off an exits the crowd could have. Once the wave of realization propagated through the people nearest him, Harry felt himself torn in two different directions as everybody tried to move to get out of there before a policeman arrested them. His lungs compressed, precluding him from trying to take any more breaths until one of the two interlopers eventually gave in and went the other direction. He dropped to the ground, no longer supported by the pressure on his chest, and took a second to catch his breath. Somebody needed to stop the four of hearts, who looked like he was going to make a cunning escape into the loading bay. 
Harry couldn’t see Allison, nor any cop making an effort to seal off the bay doors. They started to close, and the man he had been assuming was the four of hearts ran under. Harry had only a moment to make a decision, and he took off running towards the dock. He leapt up onto it, an impressive feat even when he had two working legs. He sprinted to the door. Twenty feet, ten feet, 5 feet. The door was low now, no higher than his knees. His timing would need to be impeccable. 
And it was. He dropped, his forward momentum carrying him to the door face first. His stomach hit the polished ground of the convention center interior just below where the door was closing, and he slid neatly across the floor as the door shut closed behind him. 
The Four of Hearts, for some reason likely related to his hubris, had not moved from running into the room, and was met with a graceful takedown at Harry’s hands. He tumbled over Harry before landing on his back letting out a disgruntled cry of pain as he did so. The man operating the rolling door looked as if he was going to attack Harry in retribution but was stopped by one of the girls in chains. She slipped her chain over his head and started to pull back, strangling him. He struggled to breathe, eventually starting to pass out. The man would surely die if Harry did not intervene, but it was not his place. He looked the other way and pretended he did not see anything. Instead, he put his knee on the Four of Hearts’ chest to prevent him from standing up. 
“You should’ve run.”
“And what are you gonna do?” Harry pressed down. He had positioned his knee just over the man’s sternum, and he started to suffocate. After letting him struggle for a minute, Harry released the pressure. 
“Torture you. Unless you cooperate.”
“And then what?”
“Well, then I won’t torture you.” The man spit in Harry’s face. 
“Fuck you copper.” This was going to go nowhere. Harry shrugged his eyebrows and wiped the spittle off his face with his left hand. 
“That wasn’t very smart at all.” He grabbed the man’s head with both hands, pressing his thumbs lightly against the man’s eye sockets. “I could blind you with a stroke of my fingers. You’d never see any of these girls and boys again. You’d never see anything ever again.” Harry released his grip on the man’s head. “Think about that while you sleep.”
“While I…” Harry started to suffocate the man again, waiting until he saw his eyes roll back and the man passed out. He released his grip to restore oxygen to his lungs, he only needed the man incapacitated until he could find Allison, not dead. He would spill his secrets in the interrogation room, where Garcia could see everything. 

Harry was sitting in Allison’s office. Waiting. They were going to interrogate the Four of Hearts – real name Benjamin Smith – or at the very least Allison was going to. Harry was not allowed in the interrogation room, given his outstanding warrant as well as his… history with their suspects. They were just waiting now for Garcia to get to the station. He was, of course, late. 
“To make sure this works, we need to play into Garcia’s arrogance. Make sure he’s the one who gets the location on the King of Hearts out of Benjamin.”
“Don’t worry, I know how to do my job Harry.” Allison had her feet up on the desk. 
“I know that. Just anxious.” Harry, on the other hand, was pacing the office. He turned when he heard the door open and saw Garcia arrive.
“Heard you guys have a suspect you need cracked.”
“Suppose you could say that.” Allison said. Harry deferred to her in this case, he was content to just watch. 
“Human trafficker?”
“An intermediary. We think he knows where the King of Hearts is. Intel says they’re the real trafficker. Brings people into the country, then sends them off to their final location through our perp.”
“Right, right, and you needed my help to figure out where the King of Hearts is? I got it.” He turned to exit the office.
“Not so fast. I’ll be joining you in the interrogation, I can’t let you go in there alone.”
“I outrank you Sergeant Hayes.”
“Not in this station you don’t. I’m the law around here, which means you’re going to do what I say.” She removed her feet from the desk and followed Garcia out of the room. “Interrogation room was locked anyway.” Garcia shook his head and followed Allison to the interrogation rooms. Harry was close behind, moving into the observation room. There was a technician there, already waiting to record the interrogation to tape. He inserted a VHS tape into the machine and started the recording as Garcia and Allison entered the room. Harry gave him a friendly nod and turned to watch the show. 
“So, Benjamin. We’ve got you dead to rights on human trafficking.” Allison set her folder down on the table. She opened it and turned it to face Benjamin, where he was likely confronted with a picture of himself at the meet the previous night. Harry had taken a perusal through the file folder before Allison went in there and knew there were a few damning pictures. 
“You might be able to help yourself out though.” Garcia had a toothpick in his mouth. He was trying to be the good cop, Harry could tell. 