The hole was open. The man gasped, air flushing his lungs once again. Harry took the tube and gingerly inserted it into the hold he had made. It was… messy. Messy but it worked. It didn’t have to work for long, if Allison had done what he asked then the ambulance should be arriving soon. Harry turned to Shirley. She was laughing. Not out loud, but she was laughing nonetheless. God Harry was angry with her. She almost killed this man, refused to help, pimped out probably dozens of women and men, and is laughing? Something in him snapped, a part of him he thought was gone and buried with his memories. He took the scalpel and launched it at Shirley. It found true, embedding itself in her stomach. She cried out in pain and collapsed to the floor. Harry approached and knelt down next to her.
“Now you’re in the same boat as this man here. You need an ambulance just as much as him. Based on my aim you have… maybe 20 minutes. I can cut that in half if I remove the scalpel.” Harry placed his fingers on the knife. He saw her eyes go wide. “Maybe less. 5 minutes?” He closed his right hand around the scalpel. 
“Stop. Stop.” She pleaded. Genuinely, he could see the fear in her eyes. She had probably never come this close to dying before, and he had taken her there from halfway across the room. “You can’t do this.”
“I’m not a cop Shirley. I’m just like you. Ten of spades.” If possible she seemed to get even more afraid. “Allison won’t be down for a while, until the ambulance gets here probably. Someone will have to direct the paramedics. So answer my questions.” He gave the scalpel a very light nudge, enough that Shirley felt it, but not enough to remove it from the artery it was keeping semi-closed. “Who’s the man?”
“I told you he was a…”
“Tell me the truth Shirley. Your life is in my hands. Hand.” He shrugged. Same thing. 
“His name is Jacob Ludwinksi. He came here looking for his sister.”
“Here?”
“The US. Vegas. Both.”
“How?”
“Four of Hearts. Low level human trafficker. Under orders, from the top. Find him, find the boss.” Shirley was struggling to speak full sentences. The exertion from speaking with a scalpel embedded in her stomach was probably speeding up her end of life. 
“What the fuck?” Allison had come down the stairs, two paramedics behind her. Shit, Harry hadn’t heard the ambulance arrive. The basement must have been semi-soundproofed. Harry grabbed Shirley and pulled her ears up to his mouth. 
“If you survive, you better tell us how to find them.” Harry whispered. Shirley looked at him. He gave her a questioning look as Allison approached to pull him off her. She subtly nodded and he released her, allowing her to fall back to the floor. His hands went up and he walked away. “I’m good. I’m good.”
“Harry what the fuck?”
“Something snapped, she deserved it.”
“Yeah, I fucking know she deserved it, I’ve wanted to stab her since we came down here. But you can’t just stab our suspect. You can’t.”
“I didn’t stab him.”
“Fine, you can’t throw scalpels at them either.” Allison shook her head. She turned to try and see what the paramedics were doing but Harry grabbed her arm to stop her.
“He came in through a human trafficker. Four of Hearts. Shirley said she’ll help us find him if she survives.”
“Great, now I’m actually fucking rooting for this shit-stain to survive. Fucking thanks Harry.” She shook her head and walked over to the paramedics to find out the prognosis. Harry was left wondering what the hell happened in his mind. 

Pretty fascinating how for once Harry was sitting in the waiting area of the hospital instead of being in the operating room himself. The nurse at the counter recognized him, he’d probably bought half a dozen bottles of ibuprofen from her at this point, not to mention the three times he had argued with her while checking himself out of the hospital. He gave her a tentative smile but she did not return it so he shrugged and sat back in his chair. 
He did not sit back for long, sitting right back up when he saw Allison enter the room from the hallway beyond. She had strictly forbidden him from entering Shirley’s room for… a completely legitimate reason. All the assurances in the world would not convince Allison that it was only a momentary lapse in mental fortitude. Which was… very understandable. She looked upset, so Harry opted not to mention this for the tenth time today. 
“Well Harry, we’re in an awkward position.”
“How’s that?”
“Well, Harry, Shirley lived. But Jacob did not.” She took a seat next to Harry. “They did mention that if you hadn’t done what you did he wouldn’t have even made it to the hospital. So congrats, I guess.”
“I was just doing what needed to be done.”
“Right, right. I suppose I should thank your… indiscretion. You gave into a memory and saved Jacob. And, reluctantly, I must admit, I would rather Shirley be here than at the police station.” This seemed unusual, the police station was probably safer. Unless…
“Garcia’s there.”
“Right. And if he finds out we have a lead on a human trafficker… that’s a career making case.” The wheels started to turn in Harry’s head. A plan was coming into focus, as if he had always had it planned, somewhere, and just now it was becoming executable. Interesting. 
“Allison, I have a plan to get Garcia off our back.”
“Really?”
“It’s… unethical. Not entirely unethical, of course. We wouldn’t be doing anything illicit, just… letting Garcia shoot himself in the foot.” Harry stood up and started to pace up and down the seating area. “But the four of hearts is too low of bait. We need the King. When Shirley was talking to me, she indicated that the King might also be a human trafficker. It’d make sense. If you were good at that job you could traffic women and men into the states then distribute them to your subordinates to prostitute out. It’s disgustingly efficient.”
“Good lord.” Allison looked longingly at her cigar case, but put it away when the nurse coughed and pointed at a glaring NO SMOKING sign above the counter. 
“We need a lead on the King, and for that we need a lead on the four, and the only person with that lead is sitting in that hospital room.” He pointed down the hall. Allison shrugged. 
“I know. She’s in a coma. You had some incredible accuracy, or so the surgeon told me.” Allison stood up and pointed to the front door. Harry obliged and started to walk that way, Allison close behind. “But she gave me something. An address. That was all.”
“Address?”
“Yeah. And a time.”
“Where’s the address?”
“Las Vegas Convention Center. Midnight. Tonight.” The two were outside, so Allison was finally able to remove the cigar from her pocket. She struck a match against her shoe and lit the cigar. She let a few puffs out while they stood silently outside the hospital. “Are we going?”
“We have to. It’s our only lead on the hearts. We may not get another shot at this, and if Shirley doesn’t make it through the coma we’d be at a dead end. Permanently, maybe.” She nodded. 
“Fucking hell Harry. This isn’t what I expected at all when I joined you on this crusade. Are we in danger?”
“Probably. Bring your gun. Make sure the station knows where you’re at. There’s three dozen ways this can go sideways.” Harry pondered for a moment. “Don’t tell Garcia what we’re doing but tell someone who will. Make sure it gets through the grapevine.” She nodded. “Pick me up from the theatre, after the show.”

And she did. She was right on time, and he once again got into the unmarked police cruiser that he’d become quite accustomed to. The car smelled heavily of smoke, and he noticed that Allison was halfway through an entirely new cigar. She was a quarter of the way through the one outside the hotel, but this one was brand new.
“You feeling alright?”
“Anxious. This feels very haphazard. Dangerous. I don’t like it.”
“I agree.” Harry watched where they were driving. “How much do you spend on cigars?”
“Too much ever since I met you.” That made sense. “I’ve smoked way too many in the past week.”
“I’ll make it up to you when this is all over.” He said. He knew a guy. They pulled up the convention center and switched off the engine. It was still early, maybe 11:30. Harry got out of the car and looked around. The parking lot lights were on, for some reason. The convention center wasn’t booked this week, they really shouldn’t be on. They flickered off just as he thought of this. He turned around and saw that the car had vanished from his view too. Shit, all he wanted was to double check that they were in the right place and now he was in the shadow dimension once again. He tried to find the car, spinning around a few times before he noticed a woman. 
She was standing underneath a streetlight. The only one illuminated, although he did not appear to be still standing in the parking lot. Might as well approach the woman to find out who she was. He started walking towards the light. Thankfully, unlike on the staircase from hell, the woman actually did appear to be getting closer, even though she did not seem to be getting more in focus. He couldn’t really make out anything about her. She looked to be a few inches shorter than Harry. It was at this moment that a thought struck him, and he broke out into a run. She got closer, and closer, until he was standing right next to her. He looked at her. 
Her face was… fuzzy. Shattered, in a way. Like a stained-glass window. Her face was composed of a dozen or so pieces of glass, obscuring her features from Harry. But something about her felt familiar to him. She had to be his wife, surely. It was his only explanation. She looked at him but did not say anything. Then there was nothing. Darkness once more. 
Behind him, a hundred meters away, was another woman, under another streetlight. He wanted to run, but his leg was acting up again, so he hobbled over there. Slowly. Very slowly. Hang on, he got stabbed in his right leg, why was his left leg in pain? He ignored it, he needed to know if this was his wife. He had to know what she looked like. This lady was coming into focus, a face no longer made of stained glass. But it was not his wife. It was Diana. She looked at him. He was standing next to her now. 
“Behind you.” Harry furrowed his brow and turned, coming face to face with Allison.
“Are you real?” He asked. She nodded. No, not real then. Allison would have berated him for this disaster. He sighed. He tried to turn back to Diana, only to see that she too had vanished. He was alone in the darkness again. For the moment, anyway, before he saw the Milky Way spread out above him. He let out a gasp of awe as he tried to process the beauty before him. His leg ached so badly now that it gave out beneath him, and he fell down to one knee. 
Harry felt it necessary, at this moment, to admit something to himself: he wanted to cry. None of this should have gone down this way. None of this needed to go down this way. In some ways he wished he had never found out that he had a wife. Life was simpler then. He had a show, he had a job, and he had a life. Now all he had was brain made of clay and eyes he couldn’t trust. 