“We’re gonna lock you away, throw away the key, and bury the hole we throw you in. You’ll never see daylight again.” Allison began. “We’ve got at least five different witnesses in the audience last night who flipped on you already, they’re going to sell you out later this afternoon. They’re right behind this wall.” She leaned back and tapped the wall. Good move, Harry saw in the video recording that this had an effect on Benjamin. Time to find out what kind of effect.
“If you talk to me, I can cut you a deal. Allison here, she’s just a cop. Me? I’m FBI. I own the hole we’re gonna bury you in. Maybe I can make sure it’s a nice hole.” Garcia shrugged. This wasn’t the play Allison expected, but Harry had. He’d try to take all the glory, that was fine. They had it on recording. Benjamin turned to Garcia. He was talking to him and him alone.
“I’ll talk if she leaves.” They both turned to look at Allison. She scoffed and stood up.
“Alright, but just remember, the FBI doesn’t like to admit they’re wrong. With me, I can keep you safe if your intel is bad. Anything you tell Garcia here, well, if it goes sideways you won’t even make it to the hole. If you catch my drift.” She made her way out the room and joined Harry in the observation room. “Not exactly how I wanted this to go, but I can’t say I’m too upset with the outcome.”
“Noticed you dropped Garcia’s name there. Good job.”
“It’s important for the audio recording that we identify him. Someone might lose the video.” Unbeknownst to Garcia, but known to both Harry and Allison, the table was bugged on a completely separate frequency as to the room recording. Just in case. 
“I can give you the King of Hearts.” Benjamin started. “It’s real simple, see, they bring in the people, then they pass them on to me and I pass them on to their destination. Any strays I can do with what I wish. That’s what the auction was, see? I didn’t bring any of those people in, I didn’t tie them up, I just serve as an intermediary between destinations.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’ve heard the story before Benjamin, cut to the chase.”
“Well you see now, I get all my stock direct, from the King. He brings them into the country every Thursday, they make a run across the border into Arizona. Once they’re in they load them up on an inconspicuous semi and truck them up here.”
“And where do you expect us to come in?”
“I’ll give you the details on the next shipment, what the truck looks like, where it’s coming in. Where the pickup is. You just gotta let me go until then.” Harry leaned forwards towards the glass. This was working out better than expected. Garcia would take the deal. Harry could see it in his face. There was indecision there too. Garcia knew they were watching through the window, scrutinizing every move he was making. Satisfaction crossed his face, Harry was pretty sure he figured out that he could destroy the tape. 
This was a risky move. Their plan was… very rough at this point. They needed Garcia to set up the takedown of the King of Hearts. Then they needed it to play out just about how Harry expected, that is, he expected it to go badly for Garcia. Then Harry would swoop in, save the day, and they might be able to get a little freedom from the tyranny of his oversight. This plan entirely hinged on Garcia being arrogant enough to try and take down the King of Hearts himself, he needed to upstage Harry’s takedown of the King of Clubs. Well, it hinged on that and a little covert sabotage on his and Allison’s part.
“Done.” Garcia reached out a hand. Benjamin was an idiot, he should have gotten that deal in writing. Instead he just accepted the handshake and started to speak. 
“Look next shipment comes tonight, duh. It’s Thursday today. This week they’re coming in to the Flamingo. Gonna be meeting out back, got a deal with the guy who works security back there. Easy pickup.”
“What does the truck look like?”
“Won’t know till I get out there.” Harry saw Garcia wanted to curse at that. 
“Strap up then, we’re going to the Flamingo.” He grabbed the folder off the table and left the room, leaving Benjamin to stew in his own thoughts for a little while longer. Garcia opened the observation room door and strode into the room. The assistant turned to look at the new entrant into the room. Garcia waved him off. “Get out.” He looked at Allison for advice, but she nodded, giving him permission to head off. The assistant nodded and removed himself from his seat, slipping through the door before it closed. Garcia moved to take the assistant’s seat.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Allison asked.
“Just making sure everything’s in order.” Harry saw him remove something from his pocket. Magnet, probably. He ran his hands over the player, before turning to Harry and Allison. “I’m taking Benjamin to the Flamingo, we’re going to go find out when this new shipment of girls is coming in.”
“Girls and boys.” Harry corrected him. Not that it mattered, but these were equal opportunity criminals after all. Might as well make sure Garcia was aware. 
“Sure, sure.” He waved Harry off.
“We’re coming with.” Allison said. 
“Not in my car you’re not. You can follow, tail if you must. But I’m taking Benjamin myself.” Allison was about to protest, but Harry stopped her with a subtle shake of his head. She relented and allowed Garcia to leave the room.
“Are you sure about this Harry? There’s a lot of ‘ifs’ in this plan.”
“It’ll work. Garcia’s going to find out what truck they’re coming in and probably set up a blockade at the casino.”
“Sure.” They were walking towards Allison’s unmarked cruiser, as always. 
“The King of Hearts won’t be there though. Benjamin is probably going to tip him off.”
“How is that?” Allison unlocked the car. 
“That inside man at the Flamingo? Probably the King of Hearts.” They started to tail Garcia as he pulled out of the parking lot.
“How do you figure?”
“Well, the King’s not gonna risk being on the front line at the border. It’s dumb. It’s risky and it’s stupid. But, he’s going to need to inspect his…” Harry cringed at his next word before he had even said it. “produce, for lack of a better word, before sending them to their next destination. And who would be most likely to be in a position to do that?”
“The inside man. Of course.” Allison was starting to track Harry’s train of thought. They sat in silence for a while, it was a twenty minute drive to the casino, on a good day. “Hey Harry. I’ve got a question.”
“Shoot.” He was tracing patterns in the sky, somewhere between his floaters and the actual clouds, but now returned his attention to Allison.
“When we met, you said you had erased my memory of the first time we met. But you said you can’t erase…”
“I walled the memory off. I used my embedded word to put you in a hypnotic trance again, walled off the memory so you couldn’t access it. Good spot.”
“I figured that, but I wanted to know what memory you used.” Garcia was turning towards the supply bay of the Flamingo.
“The lynchpin. I fabricated a memory of you smoking a cigarette instead of a cigar. Trivial, you’d never ever even think that that memory existed in your mind, which makes it perfect.”
“You fabricated a memory?” The car came to a stop. Garcia got out of the car and moved around to open the door for Benjamin.
“It’s not that hard. The lynchpin doesn’t need to be a real memory. I took a real memory of you smoking a cigar and modified it a bit. Then buried it where it would be hard to find.” Harry stopped and was about to open his door but anticipated one more question. “You don’t have to use a real memory for a memory block. Some people insist that a real memory makes a stronger block, but I disagree.” He returned to opening the door and made his way out into the sunlight, what little of it remained as the sun made its long slow crawl towards the horizon. The two watch Garcia pull Benjamin towards an employee’s entrance. They waited. A man eventually opened the door and made his way outside. There was a conversation being had, but Allison and Harry were much too far away to make out any of it. Eventually Garcia and Benjamin made their way over to the duo.
“The goods are in on a Sysco food truck. Third from the front of the convoy. Other two have actual food. I’m going to call in some backup, set up a blockade here.” Harry looked at Allison knowingly. He then noticed that the man who had just talked to Benjamin was on a radio. If he focused enough, he could just make out what he was saying by reading his lips.
FBI here... bring guns…. Firefight… no survivors. That’s about what he expected. Allison just nodded at Garcia’s plan and waved him off to go do what he wanted. He left Benjamin with them.
“Get in the back of the car.” She said. He obliged, with a sly smile that indicated he knew what was about to happen. Harry got into the car with Benjamin and pushed him to the other side.
“Let me guess Ben, my boy. There’s about to be a firefight, and you think you’re going to make it out of here alive. Pity, then, that you’re going to be wearing this.” Harry picked up a jacket off the back floor of the cruiser. It was a duplicate of Garcia’s lifted from an amenable friend in the agency. Benjamin’s smile disappeared as he processed what this meant.
“You can’t.”
“You made a deal with the wrong cop Benjamin. Luckily for us, we expected you to. Good luck out there.” Harry threw the jacket at him and got out of the car. Another unmarked cruiser pulled up and a uniformed officer got out. He would take care of Benjamin. Allison beckoned Harry over to the back of the second cruiser.
“Got the wire here, just as you requested.”
“I put a real scare into Benjamin in there. Think he might try get the shootout called off, could be interesting.” Allison laughed. 
“He’ll survive, we’ll make sure of it.” A second uniformed officer added. Harry had his shirt open, and Allison was taping the wire to him. 
“Did the recording in the interview room work?”
“Yep. Clear as day.”
“Good. Then this next part will be fun.” Harry said.

It wasn’t until the sun had been down for an hour, and Allison and Harry had made their way through the tacos they’d picked up from a local food truck, that Garcia’s blockade started to show any movement. Trucks were starting to pull into the parking lot, convoy style. A supply truck. Office supplies. Then the food trucks, four of them. The loading dock opened, and a dozen or so men exited the room to start unloading trucks. Harry knew that Garcia had embedded one of his own agents among the men, although he didn’t know which. First truck, second truck, third truck. They were just coming to the one that should have held the captives when a cymbal noise exploded in Harry’s head. Shit, not now. Not now. He pleaded with his own brain, any time later, for the rest of his life, but not now. Too late, he realized, as the door to the truck opened and a flood of flamingos poured forth. 