“We can track the car, all police cruisers came standard issued with a GPS tracker installed.”
“Won’t matter. Jennifer will have ditched the car by now.” Harry was still looking at a hundred identical copies of the car the moment anyway. It was just as useful as not being able to see the car at all. “Our best bet at tracking them is through Amanda.”
“How do you figure?” Amanda lit up a cigar and led the two of them down the stairway. Harry walked towards one of the cars and felt his body revolt against stepping through it. He watched Amanda walk through where the car was, but for some reason his body – no, his entire nervous system – believed that there was a car there. He felt the hood, it was warm. He now noticed that every copy of the car was filled with a duplicate of both Jennifer and Amanda. He had seen something, earlier, before he was aware of it. And now his subconscious was trying to make him aware. He continued to talk while he processed this new revelation. 
“Amanda’s angry with me. She made it personal as soon as she tried to kill me. Jennifer probably set this plan up well before any of this happened, which means she would have never known exactly who would put her in jail or why.” Allison nodded, but turned now to look at Harry. She was half buried in another copy of the car, her legs obscured by the hood of the car but her upper body was still visible. 
“Can’t seem to get through this copy of your car.” Harry said. “Or any of them, for that matter.” He took a few steps towards the hood, to try and move around it. The car took an inch forward, removing that possibility from his course of action. He shook his head. “Something about this is wrong.”
“What?” Allison was standing in what Harry knew was probably the middle of an empty parking lot looking at him, smoking her cigar, doing nothing more than judging him.
“Many times I can influence the hallucination, or the hallucination stems from something I noticed in my subconscious that is relevant to my conscious mind. The presence of a hundred, two hundred, exact duplicates of your car, here, means something. I just have to figure out what.”
“You’re cracking up Harry.” She turned to look around the parking lot. Probably trying to figure out what to do next, which, granted, was a smart move. Harry moved towards the center of the car, looking through the passenger side window at Jennifer and Amanda. They were frozen in time, he couldn’t have known what they were doing unless… He snapped his fingers.
“Of course.”
“What?”
“They were in the car as we were walking up the steps into the building. We waited over there…” He pointed to the building they originally met Garcia in. “While everything was going down in here. But the car was still here. It had to be. We would have noticed if it wasn’t.” 
“Sure, but what does that get us?” He heard Allison kick a rock. Harry finally saw what he must have seen, earlier. Jennifer and Amanda were crouching, not easily visible from a distance. But his eyes must have caught a glimpse of the map in Amanda’s hands, which she was holding up in front of her face.
“Summerlin.”
“What?”
“Summerlin. It’s where they’re going.” Allison turned. 
“No, I know. I guessed that.” She moved to where Harry was standing. “You said she would make this personal, that she’d be a problem for Jennifer?”
“Yeah, she wants me more than she wants Jennifer free. Breaking out with her was a convenient way to get there.”
“Remember Parker? Well as part of the deal he made with the attorney general he gave up a Syndicate weapons cache near that area.”
“You think that’s where they’re going? To get weapons.”
“If they… she… could take you off the playing board it would make their escape considerably easier.” Allison nodded. The pieces made sense, tenuous though they were. “We’ll need a ride, although I’m not sure how amenable Garcia is going to be to the suggestion.”
“We don’t have much choice, and neither does he. Letting his former boss escape on his watch will embarrass him more than anything we recorded at the Flamingo.” Harry said, the cars blinking out of sight one by one now that he had milked them for everything he needed. The two crossed the parking lot to Garcia’s main office.

“Absolutely no fucking way.” He said. “You think I’m gonna, what, lend you a car after you couldn’t even keep your own car safe?”
“Garcia, you asshole, it was your fucking prison that let Jennifer get away.” Allison slammed the table. She was still smoking the same cigar she had lit up outside. “This is your fault, not ours. Your guard should’ve found the keys on Amanda when they searched her before putting her in the cell.” She had him there. 
“I’ll drive you out there.” He grabbed a set of car keys off the desk table and waved them through to the back “agents only” parking lot. This was about the best compromise they were going to be able to get out of him. Harry set himself up in the backseat and prepared for the long journey ahead. Reluctantly. It wasn’t going to be very interesting, or he didn’t think it would until they passed the burned out husk of a car on the way back towards Vegas. Harry sat up and frantically waved for Garcia to stop, evidently, he and Allison were too busy arguing to recognize the car as they drove past. But it was instantly recognizable to Harry. 
“What Harry? We’re a bit busy up here.”
“I know, I know. But stop. That car back there, that was Allison’s.” He slammed on the breaks.
“What?” He accelerated and made a haphazard (and extremely illegal) U-turn and screamed down the road to the car. Harry and Allison didn’t even wait for the car to stop before hopping out of the car to investigate the fossil. It was definitely Allison’s, or what remained of it. Most of the car was just ash and smoke now. 
“Jennifer must have torched it to make sure we couldn’t follow.”
“Do you think they were picked up out here? Maybe they had another ride waiting.” Allison was looking around for tire tracks. “We’re still ten miles out of town, there’s no way they walked from here.”
“Must have had another car waiting. So there’s a third person involved in his scheme. Amanda must have alerted them before we took her in.” Harry said. Allison eventually found the tire tracks he had been looking for. 
“Tightly spaced, sedan probably. Four wheel drive.” She took out a notepad and started to sketch the tire tread pattern. Harry watched for a moment before seating himself back down in the car, where Garcia had remained. Chewing a stick of gum, it seemed. Not much more than that. He was also watching Allison through the window. 
“Find anything?” He asked. He was determined to make this as difficult as possible for them. 
“Possibly. She’ll recognize the car if we find it. Their new one, that is.” She got into the car.
“Let’s ride. Quicker the better.” Garcia just shrugged and started the car back up. 

The weapons cache was in a church, about halfway between Summerlin and Vegas proper. It was an episcopal church, probably built a dozen years back. Long sweeping archways dominated the sky, and the brickwork had been immaculately maintained. The front door was an exceptional oak monstrosity, erected when the church was built and probably never moved since. The left side of the door remained ajar, permanently so it seemed, to allow entrance to the worship area. 
Harry entered tepidly; Allison close behind. Garcia, feeling a bit dejected about the whole thing, decided to leave them behind as soon as they exited the car. Allison flipped him off as he drove away and shook her head. 
“He’s really a pitiful excuse for an agent” she said, giving Harry something to focus on instead of the darkness in front of him. The darkness gave his imagination too much leeway, too much space to create. It was dangerous. As he entered the church, his eyes started to adjust and create a vision. A girl, not his wife this time. And not Diana. She was standing at the pulpit, a pocket watch quite dissimilar from his on hung around her neck. She had her arms raised to the sky and was saying something that he couldn’t quite make out. 
“Do you see that?” He whispered back to Allison, who had just snuck into the room behind him.
“What?”
“The girl. Above the pulpit.”
“No. No I don’t see anything.” She turned to face the stained glass window at the back end of the church and revealed an ornate stained glass styled fox on the back of her gown. It looked as though she reached down to grab the watch and open it, and Harry watched as an orb of blue-purple light enshrouded her, obscuring her from vision but not entirely. It fizzled and sparked before dying. She turned back to the pews.
“What are you doing here?” Harry looked around. She had made direct eye contact with him.
“Me?”
“What?” Allison interjected. Harry ignored it. The lady at the pulpit had responded to his statement. 
“How did you…” She looked perplexedly at him before looking down at the watch in her hand. As she did so, she vanished from Harry’s vision, as quickly as she had arrived. Bizarre. But concerningly indicative of the state of his mental fortitude. 
“She said something to me. The lady. It doesn’t matter.” The two strode up to the pulpit themselves. 
“Parker said that there should be…” They were interrupted by a priest, in a gown not dissimilar to the one the lady was wearing barring the absence of the fox on the back side. 
“Harry Flynn. It’s good to see you again.” He extended a hand for a handshake. He was hunched over, not enough for it to cause back issues but enough to be noticeable. Harry accepted the handshake, although his face must have betrayed his confusion. “You don’t remember. You have sought my guidance before, my child.”
“Really? And what if I said I was seeking guidance to find, say, Amanda Clark?”
“It would make sense. Come, into the confessional.” He gestured to a set of doors near where he was standing. Allison seemed skeptical and placed her hand on Harry’s shoulder. He understood the message: she would stay here and keep a look out. He simply responded to the gesture with a nod. 
“What’s your name, Father?”
“Father Brown.” He entered the priest’s side of the confessional. Harry entered his side and took a seat. Harry looked over and saw a gun pointed through the window at him.
“I expected that.” He sighed and put his hands up.
“You misunderstand. This isn’t a threat. This is for you. You’re going to need it.” Brown placed it on a countertop and slid it through to Harry’s side. Harry picked up the gun and held it in his hands. 
“Why?”
“For a lot of reasons, and a lot of times, none of which will come up in this talk.”
“Do you answer all questions cryptically?”
“Not all.”
“Well tell me this then. What’s your position in the Syndicate?”
“Ace of Spades. Always has been, probably always will be. I’ve killed one person, but I do more work facilitating other murders rather than committing my own. You should know this Harry, you’ve come here often enough.”
“It’s been a while since I’ve been to confession, Father, and I have sinned often since.”