“Thanks.” He nodded to the receptionist and made his way out to look for Allison. She was walking his way, conveniently also looking for him. There was a camera in her hands, although it looked to be in disrepair.
“She was watching on this. Once she knew we were here she probably triggered some sort of self destruct. I’ll take it to the lab and see if we can trace it.”
“No time. We only have an hour before Diana takes a bullet to the brain.”
“Is that what she said? No ransom demands?”
“None. One hour, then she shoots Diana. That’s it.” Harry started to pace. This wasn’t going to go his way unless he started to work at the problem. “Diana gave me a clue. Said that they’d left town. That was as far as she got before Amanda seized the phone back. So we can eliminate the city…” He was pacing, faster now. “The tire tracks we found, sedan or van?”
“Van, probably. Too wide to…” Harry discarded the rest of what she said. It wasn’t important anyway. He did, however, notice that Allison had removed the drawing from her pocket, and he snatched it from her. He just needed to shunt his mental processes into…
His brain was moving at a million miles an hour. It wasn’t so much this time that time slowed down but that his brain was speeding up. Somewhere, sometime in his memory he had to have seen a van with a tread pattern like this before, even if he hadn’t picked up on it at the time. Cars were streaming past on the road in front of him. He held the drawing up in front of him and watched the cars, when suddenly a van started to cross. He focused on it, slowing the cars down as he did so. The van had slowed to the point where it barely looked like it was even moving. Harry stepped into the road and circled the van. He needed to see where the windows were. Diana assumed they had left town but she only would have been able to see whatever was moving past the window.  He stopped at the back of the van, taking half steps forward to keep pace with the molasses fueled car. The windows were just above his field of vision, so he crouched to see the angle he would get through the window. It was as he expected, Diana only would have been able to see the skyscrapers of the Strip through the windows. They could still be in town, but outside the Strip. He just needed to know if the van was going south or north when was leaving.
“Allison.” Harry called to her, realizing he was still pacing back and forth in the valet area of the Sands. “How fast can you find a 1992 Ford Transit? Would’ve left the Grasshopper shortly before us. I just need to know which direction it headed when it left.”
“Give me five minutes.” She jogged to the car, which the valet had dutifully parked in the closest spot. She picked up the radio and made a call, putting a priority rush on it. She stuck her head out to yell at Harry. “We still have officers on site, I’ve got two of them running down the security footage. Shouldn’t be a moment.” He nodded. He was using the time to start working through permutations. If they were headed south, they’d be in the desert. The FBI satellite office was out there. Too far. There was a strip mall, just far enough away that the travel time made sense with how long it had been since the diner. And north… was difficult. Most of the city lay to the north. So did… Shit.
“Doesn’t matter, let’s go.” He rounded the car to the passenger side door.
“What do you mean?”
“They went north. They’re at her villa. Where I killed her husband.”
“You know where it is?”
“Not well, I’m piecing it together from fragments of memories that have bled through the cracks. Drive. North end of the strip. Has to be within 10 minutes of that end, any further and they wouldn’t have made it before calling.” The radio crackled to life.
“They left headed east down…” Harry discarded the rest of the message. 
“This is our best bet.” Harry said, seeing the doubt in Allison’s face. She light up a cigar while they were waiting at a red light, her hand shaking as she did so. 
“This is a fool’s move Harry. Based on a guess at best.” She picked up the radio, switching the channel to call back to base. “Greyhound One to home base.”
“Home base, go ahead Greyhound.”
“Find everyone in the building and start looking for an address for Amanda Clark’s villa. North of the strip. I don’t care what you have to do to find it, just get on it. Ten minutes. Out.” She snapped the radio back into position. 
“I can do this Allison.”
“Maybe so, better safe than sorry.” Allison took a left off the strip and moved onto a parallel road to save time. She was about to ask Harry where they were to go next, when the radio crackled on once more and interrupted. 
“Greyhound One, home base. I have a lady here claiming she knows where Diana is. Not sure what to make of it. Over.” Allison and Harry made sideways eye contact before she picked up the radio to reply. 
“Greyhound here. Put her on the line and go ahead, over.” Another female voice appeared on the other end of the line.
“Harry. I know you’re there. Go to the Mirage theatre. This is going to end where it started.” The voice was familiar, he just needed to place it. The static of the radio and the low quality of the connection was making it difficult for him to track it down. “Good luck Harry. Out.” 
Silence. For a good three minutes. Allison pulled the car over to the curb and waited. Harry knew she was never sold on the villa idea. He checked his watch. They still had 30 minutes. The Mirage was around the corner.
“We’ll try the Mirage first.” He finally said. 
“Did you recognize that voice?”
“No. I can’t place it.” Harry said. He was lying. As soon as she had said his name the second time it had clicked into place. It was Jessica Cho, the dealer at the mirage, the lady who visited Diana and told her he was in the hospital. His on-again off-again fling. How she fit into the whole conspiracy he did not know, but he didn’t have time to hash it out with Allison. She pulled into the parking garage at the Mirage and Harry took off towards the theatre. Too fast, it seemed, because the world started to spin. He blinked a few times and it stopped, although the tradeoff was that it seemed like the colors in his vision were blurring, shifting this way and that. Shapes remained constant, but their colors were drifting, greens were becoming cyan, red was turning purple, blue was going yellow. If he was lucky one of them would stabilize and hold a form he could recognize. 
“Wait here and call for backup.” He yelled back to Allison. He only just heard the affirmative response before he headed inside. 
	Harry had a key to the theatre, and now unlocked the door to the house. He pulled the door shut behind him, his brain finally refocusing the colors in the building to the correct spectrum. Thank god. Somewhat disconcerting, however, and not comforting at all, was the presence of a lone spotlight in the center of the stage illuminating a girl sitting in the chair Harry used to use for his stage show. Volunteers would sit there, just like… what was his name? So long ago now. There was an audience I the theatre, and as Harry passed the seating aisle as he walked to the stage he noticed that they were all Diana. Hundreds of them, seated there in the theatre. 
	He walked up the stairs to the stage, the woman in the chair finally coming into focus. Her face had been obscured, like so many others in the course of his story, but now finally it resolved. 
“Jessica.” He said. She was holding a gun in her hand, although at the moment it rested gently in her lap. 
“Not quite love. Jessica’s my sister. No, my name is Sharon.” Harry circled her in the chair, a motion he had done dozens of times but never like this.
“Are you real?”
“Real as can be.” She shrugged. The audience of Dianas started to cheer. Harry suddenly felt claustrophobic, as if the stage had closed in on him. He stole a glance back and noticed that the back of the stage had indeed shrunk; the back wall of the theatre was now just five feet back from the chair. The apron of the stage had done the opposite, spreading out into an ornate gold leaf lined clam mouth. The paintwork looked incredible, although without the house lights on the effect was lost. 
“My sister was always jealous of the hold I had on you, she’d be livid to see that you can’t take your eyes off me.” Sharon said. 
“You’re the King of Spades. The King of the High Table.”
“Snap.” She said. Harry had navigated to her front, and committed the cardinal sin of show business, turning his back to the audience. “Took you long enough.”
“You’re hard to find.” She split in two, and Harry tried to blink her back into a single existence. That failed. Of course it failed. He now stood facing two copies of Sharon, or two copies of Jessica. Or one of Jessica and one of Sharon. “What happened to Diana?”
“Oh, worried are you? You didn’t even think to ask what happened to Amanda. She was a good agent when she did as she was told but sometimes…” Harry noticed that only the left hallucination was talking her clothes shimmered and turned blue. The other copy’s clothes turned red, giving him an easy way to identify the two. The spotlight above tightened into a narrow beam and shone at Harry’s feet where he jumped when he realized he was standing just in front of Amanda’s body. She had a bullet wound in her forehead, fresh by the looks of it. He leaned down to touch it but as he did so the body vanished. He looked up and saw that it had reappeared in front of him, 5 feet forward. The sisters had moved another 5 feet back from that. The dark theatre had given way to a dark hallway, infinite in length and half as wide. 
“Uh uh uh.” Sharon taunted him. “Don’t worry, she’s dead. Punished for what she did. Diana should be just making her way to Allison now. Or maybe not. How long has it been in your hallucination, Harry?” The blue Sharon was still the only one talking, though the red one looked on with similar disdain. 
“I don’t know.” 
“We could be here for days.”
“We could be here for minutes.” 
“Touché.” Sharon approached, the spotlight once again widening to encompass the two of them. Amanda’s body was nowhere to be found, buried in the thick layer of fog that was creeping across the floor. “You look like you have a lot of questions.”
Harry wanted to answer but couldn’t find the words. It was his mind playing tricks on him. It had to be. And yet he wasn’t even in control.
“You’re wondering why you can’t control this hallucination. Or is it a hallucination after all?” She pondered. The gun was still in her right hand, though her finger remained off the trigger. “Harry I put that mental block in your head, you think I wouldn’t be able to mess with it?” She tapped his head with her free hand. “You were a good psychic. A good hypnotist. But I was better.” 