“How long ago was it?”
“I don’t know, the memory was brief at best. Could’ve been a year ago, could’ve been three. I regret it but I don’t think that matters.”
“Well of course you regret it now…” Harry shook his head.
“No, I regretted it in the moment. I felt it.” He was looking over at the store. Allison was just staring at him. “She probably doesn’t know it was me. It was dark. She was busy looking at her husband.” Allison shook her head.
“All I need to know was if it was before or after she joined the Syndicate.” He nodded, he hadn’t considered this. The motive for the murder could have affected her life, she may have even joined as a result of the murder. “I’ll have to call this in, there should be someone at the station who can look it up for me.” Harry waved her off and followed her out of the store. There was a fountain between the stores, and he went to take a seat on the rim. He watched Allison walk off towards the car to make a call to the station. He was staring at the water when he thought he saw someone standing over his shoulder in the reflection. A woman. The right height to be his wife, but her face obscured by the ripples in the water. He knew she wasn’t real, that if he turned he’d just see emptiness, so he continued to focus on the fountain, trying to force the ripples to subside and reveal the face beneath the waves. For a moment, however brief, it looked like it was going to work. A form started to take shape, just as a kid ran by a threw a quarter into the fountain, ruining the image and eventually wiping it entirely away. The reflected lady was replaced by the rather clear image of Allison, who gently tapped him on the shoulder.
“I have an idea.”
“For?”
“Amanda. Murder looks like it happened couple years back. Might have been one of your first, the calling card was a 3 of spades.”
“She’s quite highly ranked, they wouldn’t have had me kill another Syndicate member’s family member at that low of a rank. She must have joined after.” Allison nodded. The two pushed open the door to the store and saw that Amanda had vanished off the store floor. Fuck. Allison asked a nearby associate if they knew where she was, and then watched as they went through an employee’s only door to go find her.
“Do you think she saw me? Outside?”
“Don’t know.” Allison said. The associate returned and shook their head, Allison wasn’t in. The two departed, dejected but hopeful that she would be back the next time they arrived.
As it would turn out, they didn’t need to return later. Harry was trailing Allison up the stairwell in the parking garage when he caught the glimpse of something in the elevator door. His subconscious must have picked up on it too, because time slowed to a crawl. The door rotated, bringing into focus Amanda Clark as she drew a knife. It was always knives with these people. Harry willed time to return to normal speed and spun, grabbing the knife in between his two hands just as she lunged to bury it in his spine. 
“Too slow Amanda.” He twisted his hands and the knife yanked itself out of her grip and clattered to the floor. The noise alerted Allison and she turned, bolting down the stairs and drawing her gun. Allison went for the knife but thought better of it when she saw the gun trained on her. She put her hands up and backed away. “Wasn’t a bad plan though. If you had been quicker Allison might not have realized what had happened for another flight at least.”
“Yeah, didn’t work though. How’d you know I was coming?”
“Long story.” Harry said. It would have been fruitless to explain anyway. “We had some questions for you.”
“We really just wanted to talk but… I can arrest you for attempted murder now.” Allison shrugged and removed a set of handcuffs from her pocket. 
“You killed my husband, I wasn’t going to let that chance escape me.”
“Saw me at the fountain then.” Harry said. “Figured as much.” Allison pulled Amanda’s arms behind her back and cuffed them. She pushed Amanda towards the stairwell, where she fell back and sat down on the steps. 
“I would have recognized your face anywhere. It’s seared into my mind.”
“So is yours, if you can believe it. Can’t even remember what I was doing a month ago but I can remember your face.” Harry pondered the thought. “What does Jennifer Flowers want with you?”
“Who? I’ve never heard that name in my life.” Amanda was telling the truth there. Or at least, she believed she was telling the truth, which was effectively the same thing. 
“King of Clubs.” Amanda’s face fell. She had never known the King’s real name but she knew them by title. That was telling. 
“I used to be a club. I got a kill contract and moved to the spades.”
“A kill contract?”
“From the King. She wasn’t pleased.”
“You’re not really helping out here, Amanda, and I’ll tell you why that’s bad for you.” Harry sat down on the step next to her. “Jennifer offered us a pretty enticing deal. We put you in a cell next to hers, and she tells us how to find the King of Spades. I want the King of Spades. Really badly. They’ve taken my entire life from me and I want to know why. Unless you can provide us a more convincing argument why we shouldn’t throw you in jail, well…. You can see where this is going.” Amanda nodded for a moment. 
“Arrest me then.”
“Really? You’re gonna give up that easily?”
“I’m not going to give up the King of Spades. She’s done a lot for me, and I owe her a lot. I owe her at least to keep my mouth shut.”
“She?” That was a slip Amanda shouldn’t have made. She just cut the entire search field in half. She knew it too, she put her head down in her lap. Harry gave her a half hearted pat on the back and stood back up to talk to Allison.
“Do you think she’s telling the truth?”
“About?”
“Not wanting to give up the King of Spades. If she’s not going to, why would Jennifer?”
“Jennifer has a history, I don’t know what it is but I think it works in our favor.” Harry scratched his chin. “We’ll do as Jennifer asks, bring Amanda out to the desert. But when we leave we’ll take Amanda with us. The deal was never contingent on leaving her there.”
“Is it a good idea to cross swords with a convicted felon?”
“I’m not leaving Amanda in Garcia’s hands, that’s for sure.” Allison nodded and sighed.

It required some string pulling and promised favors, but Allison was able to get Amanda placed in a cell next to Jennifer’s. Harry requested they wait a little while, and watch on the camera system to see what would happen. He was desperately curious to know what Jennifer wanted with Allison, and why she wanted her placed in a cell next to hers. So they sat. And waited. In the tiniest guard room that Allison had ever seen in her life. She made this fact known several times over the next few hours, although Harry had to admit he had stopped paying attention after the second, and was instead watching the lightsaber duel between the antelope on the billboard and a VHS copy of Jennifer that had stepped out of the television monitor. Allison started to slap his arm and he suddenly sat up, the vision fading away into the background of his focused mind (although not entirely disappearing from his view). Jennifer was leaning over towards Amanda’s cell, and Harry immediately processed what was about to happen.
“Call backup.”
“What?”
“Now.” Harry said. His world faded away and seemed to stretch, he fell back into a couch as the television monitor grew in size to that of a movie screen. He was entirely focused on the chain of events unfolding in front of him. He reached forward and touched the screen, tracing the path of what was about to happen. 
It was a contingency plan all along. Jennifer leaned over and Amanda reached into her hair and removed a hair tie. She’d been searched, of course, but begged to be able to keep her hair tied back in a ponytail. Foolish. Jennifer was a trained agent, all she needed was the elastic inside the hair tie and… Harry wasn’t sure exactly what was going to happen. The screen was grainy, even at this size in his mind palace, but he knew that the hair tie exchanged hands. Jennifer pulled a button off her shirt. A bobby pin from a pocket. A binder clip from Amanda. It was a key. Rudimentary, at best, it looked somewhat badly designed. But Harry knew the cells were hastily constructed, Jennifer had probably approved the locks she was about to bump specifically for this purpose. 
Jennifer inserted the “key” into the lock and pulled the hair tie over the lock inside. She released, and the tension in the tie pulled the assemblage into the locking mechanism at speed. She turned as it did so, prying the pins free and unlocking the door. A bump key. Impressive. But she had to know she was on video… Fuck. He snapped and the video vanished from his vision. He turned and Allison appeared in front of him once more. 
“Your keys. Your car keys.”
“What?” Allison patted her pockets. “They’re gone.” Harry bolted upright and leapt over the guard desk. His body was moving faster than his brain could process what was happening. He threw the door open and saw… well. He wasn’t sure what he saw at first. It was hundreds of copies of Allison’s car. The parking lot was jammed, cars adjacent and slammed together. He could run along the top of them if he wanted but he was only looking for one car in particular. Deep breaths. That’s all Harry could do. Allison arrived next to him and looked out at the parking lot. 
“Allison, where’s the car?”
“I can’t see it.”
“Oh, well thank god. I can see about three hundred copies of it.”
“Between the two of us we might actually see it.” She shook her head. Harry closed his eyes. It wouldn’t stop the nightmare, but at the very least he wouldn’t be looking at it for the moment.
“The video was looped. She knew she would be on video. They waited 5 minutes, then escaped, then looped the video before the guard noticed. The video’s on a delay.”
“How’d you find out?”
“Jennifer. She looked at the camera. She knew it was there, she probably set it up. Of course, there’d be a delay. The whole escape plan was set up before she was even incarcerated, she set this entire place up so that she’d have a way out.”
“Fuck. Garcia played right into her hand.”
“Garcia’s been an idiot from the beginning, we should’ve known.” He shook his head. “She probably had a psych profile on him somewhere too.” He opened his eyes. He’d been sloppy during this whole ordeal. They both had. They shouldn’t have agreed to the deal so fast, should’ve looked into it. Should’ve done more background on Jennifer, and Amanda, and Garcia, and fuck it, the guard too. They rushed because they thought Harry didn’t have much time left and now they were set back days if not weeks. He rubbed his forehead in frustration. 