“You’re the best. Loathe as I am to admit it.”
“It doesn’t matter anyway. The Syndicate is going to be an FBI case sooner rather than later. We proved they crossed state lines last week.” 
“That’s another reason I chose you. You’ll fight to keep this case if you need to.” Harry paused. He could see the wheels turning in Allison’s head. Slowly but surely he was convincing her. “You know more about the Syndicate than anyone else. Probably even me. That’s why I need you.” Allison chewed something in her mouth. She picked up the cigar from her ash tray and balanced it between her teeth once more. 
“Tomorrow, noon, I’ll met you in the parking lot here. You have two hours, you give us something useful and maybe I can give you something in return. That’s it.” Worse terms than Harry had anticipated but he didn’t have any more leeway left. Not unless he wanted to try again. 
“Fine. Dress casually. No cop shit.” Harry said, finally leaving the office to make his way home. 

Harry only owned two suits, and one of them he had to keep clean for his performance every night. His performance that night had gone without any issues, Harry changed the script entirely to avoid any incidents. Although that isn’t to say that James wasn’t intensely curious to know what happened if he hadn’t. No, Harry didn’t want to play that game anymore. 
Harry had no choice but to wear his second suit, a deep blue velvet suit he wasn’t sure how he acquired, the next day. Worst of all, he couldn’t even remember where they were going to go. Just a name. 
“Joey Fontaine?” Allison was leaning against an unpainted police cruiser, hastily parked near the front entrance to the police station. She let out a laugh halfway between insulting and gratifying. “That fuckin loser? Jesus Christ Harry if I had known your lead was going to be such shit I wouldn’t have agreed to this.”
“Deal’s a deal.” 
“I know. I’m a woman of my word. Just didn’t believe that we’re going to a fucking strip club at noon just to talk to someone we’ve got no proof is even part of the Syndicate.”
“He’s a diamond.” Harry said. It was all he remembered about Joey but it was enough to pique Allison’s interest. 
“A diamond?” Allison unlocked the car and invited Harry to join her inside.
“Diamonds handle financial crime. Laundering money. Embezzling. It’s hard to leave a calling card for that. You only ever found clubs and spades because they’re the only two who handle murder.”
“Hm.” Allison was trying to navigate her way out of the parking lot, only semi-successfully. 
“Joey’s the only syndicate member I know by name. Before you ask. The whole point of the card system was so that we never knew anybody else we worked with, so we could never give anybody up.”
“So how do you know Joey then?” Harry looked over at Allison. He was trying to parse his memory, he knew Joey had done something for him. A long time ago. Maybe it was a favor? No he couldn’t parse the fragments of his mind well enough to assemble them. 
“I don’t know.” He decided to answer truthfully, though it did not seem to curry him any favor with Allison. “He was the two of diamonds. Extremely low in the pecking order, second only to the ace of diamonds.” 
“Syndicate plays king high?”
“Always.” Harry absentmindedly started to shuffle his deck of cards while they drove on in silence. Three shuffles in and he noticed that his deck still contained its original matching ten of spades. Curious. He thought for a while that his Syndicate ten had replaced that of the original deck but that did not seem to be the case. The card was inserted in addition to the original deck rather than in place of it. 
The car pulled slowly to a stop in front of a grungy looking building too far from the strip to see any action at this time of day. The location served as a detriment right up until midnight, when drunken losers from town looking for action would venture this far out for somewhere quiet. Funny how that works. 
The only thing identifying the building as a strip club at all was a tasteless neon sign adorning the front entrance. 
“Daisy’s.” Harry mumbled absentmindedly, reading the sign.
“Daisy’s? Christ, no. It says Diane’s.” Allison snubbed out her cigar and placed it gingerly into a carrying case for later. 
“What?” Harry read the sign again. No, definitely Daisy’s. It was pink and quite cursive, he was absolutely certain… no, nevermind. The script was shifting before his eyes, not much but enough to turn a “Daisy” into a “Diane.” Harry could feel Allison glaring at him so quickly brushed the whole affair aside and pointed towards the front entrance. She merely shook her head and lead the way into the club.
As predicted, and to nobody’s surprise, the club was empty. There weren’t even any girls dancing at the moment, a grace for Harry’s eyes. A bouncer at the front stopped them before looking the two of them over. 
“You looking for Joey. I can tell. In the back.” He nodded his head towards a door in the back. 
“Not much for security.” Allison whispered under her breath as the two crossed the floor. Harry’s feet stuck to the floor as he walked and he was unable to tell if that was just him or if Allison was facing the same issue. He did not want to ask, for fear that acknowledging that it was happening might make him finally process why it was happening. Allison banged on the “Employees Only” door twice before shoving the door open and dragging Harry inside. 
The man on the other side of the desk… had a problem. His breath was raspy and came through in short gasps. He was gesticulating wildly towards his arm, where Harry’s eyes came to rest on a bright red streak dragged across his forearm. Blood. It was fountaining now, two or three inches into the air right out of the vein. Harry watched in awe as Allison grabbed Joey’s shirt and tore it in two, the blood staining it red as she did so. Now her clothes were red too. She grabbed Harry’s hand and placed half of the shirt in it, and he vaguely processed her telling him to hold it. He shrugged (or so he thought) and nodded an affirmation before turning to watch the display before him.
The fountain was weakening, probably running out of supply. Allison got to it before it exhausted itself, and she tied her half of the shirt around his arm in a makeshift tourniquet. She then grabbed the other half out of Harry’s hands and did the same, double knotting both so they’d stay in place. A deeper red stain spread out from the wound before stopping. Joey looked pale. But at least his breath was returning to normal.
“Don’t speak yet. You’ll be weak for a while. Bleeding stopped, but you should get it sealed up at a hospital. I’ll call you an ambulance.” Joey was not pleased at the suggestion but evidently was less pleased at the prospect of dying, so he acquiesced to the request and simply nodded towards a telephone on the wall besides the door. Once she had made the call Joey finally mustered the energy to speak.
“I know you.” 
“I’ve never met you in my life.”
“Not you. Him.” He looked at Harry, still watching the red dance across the tourniquets on Joey’s arms. Harry broke and made eye contact with Joey.
“Been a while Harry.”
“Sure has.”
“You remember those times we used to have, down at the Flamingo? Counting cards and skimming off the top till the sun came up. Before we both got dragged into this shit.” Joey reached into his pocket and chucked his two of diamonds onto the table. 
“I don’t.” Harry was being truthful. He wished he could place the memory Joey was talking about but it was unfamiliar to him. When he was younger he used to count cards down at the Egyptian. 
“Damn…” Joey’s voice was hoarse. “They really did a number on you didn’t they?”
“I don’t understand.” Harry took the seat opposite Joey, in front of Sergeant Hayes. Allison was about to interject but Harry sensed it and put his hand up to stop her. 
“You got out Harry. Not a lot of us get out. But I ain’t seen you since they killed your wife. And then you show up here with a cop.” Joey’s eyes lazily rolled up towards Allison. “Made you the moment you got out of your car. But I owe Harry here, and I gotta make do on that promise.” There were sirens in the distance.
“The ambulance will be here soon.”
“It don’t do me no good. The moment I walk out that door I’m a dead man, hospital or not. I’ve been marked Harry. I almost thought it was you who was coming for me. Till I saw the cop over there.” Joey reached over to the table with his good arm and pushed the card across to Harry. “Take the card. It’s my personal one.” He flipped it over to reveal the same S logo as Harry’s card embossed in gold rather than printed in purple. “This will get you in with the diamond branch. None of them know my face, use it as you see fit.”
“I don’t understand what I need to do. You mentioned my wife… But I don’t remember… was she brunette? 5 foot 6?” The sirens were growing closer now. 
“She was the prettiest thing we’ve ever seen. The Syndicate took her. That’s my guess. Heard rumblings about it.” Joey glanced towards the window and saw an ambulance pull up. Allison, who had been silent until this point, chimed in.
“We can protect you. You don’t have to go in that ambulance if you don’t want to.”
“Nobody can protect you from the Syndicate ma’am. I appreciate the offer but I’ve been on borrowed time ever since I took this knife out of my arm.” He turned to Harry. “Somebody came for me, knife to the arm.”
“The Jack of Clubs.”
“Aye. That’s their modus operundi. You won’t be able to find them now. I was lucky that I expected it.” Joey sighed, the security monitors in front of him showed the nurses moving a stretcher through the still abandoned front of house. “I can’t do much more for you. Take the card, find the four of diamonds. She was a friend of mine. Some of us don’t like what they did to you Harry.”
“Joey they’re probably going to send the 5 of Spades next. This is his kind of cleanup operation. Don’t sign anything without reading it. Stay away from pens. If you can get away without an IV drip, do it. I’ll be at the hospital in three hours. If I’m right he won’t attack before sundown. He’s nocturnal.” Harry wasn’t sure where all this information was coming from but he didn’t let it stop him either. He didn’t even know if what he was saying was true, it was something he just intrinsically knew. 
“I appreciate it Harry.” A knock at the door. “Shit. To find the four you have to find our bank accounts in—” He was cut off by the door being shoved open. Allison was caught off guard and was pushed out of the way by the opening door. 
“Hey, what the fuck?” She pulled out her badge. “Sergeant Hayes, what the hell do you think you’re doing? You could’ve injured someone with that move.”
“Sorry.” The nurse did not seem apologetic. His eyes were moving towards the desk and Harry spirited the card into his palm before slipping it down his sleeve. 
