“It doesn’t matter, the Syndicate is dead.” Harry said through gritted teeth. He lifted himself off the ground and found himself now in a wooden room, though the walls were some considerable distance away. Sharon had disappeared. 
“Harry, the Syndicate has been dismantled before. And it’ll be dismantled again.” The walls fell away to reveal that Harry was sitting in the center of the coliseum. It was, however, a complete and un-destroyed version. He watched as the stones around the outer edge started to decay, falling away eventually revealing the coliseum that he had seen in pictures at Caesar’s Palace. Columns fell and were destroyed, vines started to grow up out of the ground. “The greatest empires fall and rebuild. That’s what keeps the Syndicate strong. I expected you to destroy it.” Sharon walked through the archway directly in front of Harry. “And for what? To get to me?”
“You took everything from me.” 
“Not everything.” She said. She looked around. “Coliseum. Good choice Harry.” She waved her hand and the destruction of the exterior reversed, stones flying back off the ground into their correct places in the stonework. He put his hands out and stopped the reconstruction through sheer force of will. In fact, he accelerated the destruction. A thousand. Two thousand. Three thousand years in the future. He pushed the timeline forward until there was nothing but an empty green grass field, perfectly sunlit at noon. 
“Why?” Harry conjured his pocket watch, although he didn’t know why. It just felt like he should. 
“You wanted out. So I let you out.” Sharon conjured a chair. She sat down and crossed her legs, the gun lazily hanging over her knee. “Normally you were the one we called to give people an exit strategy. That was good work you did on Sylvester Malone, by the way. Probably your best.”
“That wasn’t me.” He was pacing, and figured some shade would be nice. A tree appeared out of the ground, a big oak tree with wide leaves. It provided Harry and Harry alone shade.
“Guilty. That was me.” She said. She shook her head. “But you did good work. Working as both a hypnotist and an assassin was quite inspired.” 
“I didn’t want this.”
“How do you know?”
“Too much guilt. Too much regret in the memories that survived.” 
“Maybe I put those there.”
“You didn’t.” Harry leaned against the tree for a moment. Silence hung in the air. The two sized each other up.
“You used to be able to tell us apart.” Sharon said, unprompted. 
“So I’ve been told.”
“I took that from you. It was the first thing I did. It was too dangerous to let someone like that roam free.” Harry took a moment. He stood up and thought for a second, the dream scape shifting. The grass faded into asphalt, and a diner started to assemble itself around them, the raw materials flying in from places unknown. Sharon’s chair turned into a diner booth and Harry took a seat at the booth that was assembling itself across from her. 
“I know. You did it here, didn’t you?”
“Perhaps.” Sharon looked around. “It was a long time ago.” She nodded. “You know what else I took? Your wife.” Harry wasn’t sure how to respond, just yet, so let her continue. “She begged me to leave your memories of her. To let you remember who she was. But I knew that she had put this idea of leaving in your head. So I took everything. I wiped her from your mind completely.” He started to get angry. That wasn’t fair. This had never been about the Syndicate, it was always about Julie. His missing wife. “And I’ll let you in on a secret… I enjoyed it.” She whispered. 
Harry snapped, lunging out of the booth seat and across the table. He took Sharon down with her and started to strangle her. She responded by swinging a haymaker at his left jaw, which connected and sent Harry spiraling away towards the diner counter, which disassembled itself and flew out of the way as he approached. It was getting harder to see, and Harry started to realize that he was returning to the dark stage he started this nightmare on. He stood up and saw that in his lunge he had knocked the gun out of Sharon’s hand. She brushed a drop of blood off her lip and looked at him. He made a calculation and started to charge at her. Sharon returned the move, but he dropped as they got close and slid across the floor, picking up the gun as he did so. His right leg swung out and tripped Sharon as she rushed past. He turned and stood up, training the gun on Sharon as she knelt on the floor in front of him. 
They were no longer on the Mirage stage. Harry didn’t know where they were, at first. Eventually it started to process, that this house existed only in memories he couldn’t access directly. But he had been here before, when he had seen Jennifer. It was just a flash then, but the house was unmistakable. And the rain in the alleyway. Yes, this was familiar to him. The memory was strengthening itself.
“Do it Harry.” Sharon said. Grabbed the gun with her hands and pulled it to her forehead. “You were always my backup plan.”
“What?”
“Don’t be obtuse, you got this far. You have to have figured out what memory I used as a lynchpin in your erasure process.” There was a pause. “It was always this. When you murdered your wife.”
“I didn’t kill my wife.”
“I know, that’s why it was brilliant. How could you ever find a memory of yourself killing a wife you didn’t even know existed?”
“You fabricated this memory.” Harry started to notice that some of the details weren’t quite right. They didn’t match. The shadows of the two of them matched his interaction with Jennifer, with no gun in his hand. 
“From a memory with Jennifer. Yes. Some of my best work.”
“Not quite.”
“It’s close enough.” Sharon shifted her weight for a moment. “Kill me Harry. Reclaim the memories of who you were, who you are. Rebuild the Syndicate.” Harry cocked the gun and pressed it against her forehead hard enough to leave an imprint. “Reclaim your memories of your wife.” Harry placed his hand against the trigger. All he needed to do was press, blow her brains out, relive the memory he had never lived the first time, and remember everything. No more hallucinations. No more paranoia. No more struggling to remember his wife. Just serenity. 
Sharon looked up at Harry, her eyes filled with malice. His hand faltered for a second, shaking. The tension in his arm was unbearable. He let out a sigh.
“I can’t. I don’t need my memories, and I’m not who you think I am.” He put the gun down. The rain stopped, and the clouds parted just enough to illuminate the sidewalk where the two of them were standing. Sharon grabbed the gun out of his hand and shook her head.
“You were strong enough once. Now you’re just a pitiful excuse for a human.” She placed the gun in her right hand and stood up, pressing it to Harry’s chest. “Sad, really, you were never cut out for this.” 
And that was the last thing he heard. At least for a while. Harry blinked, wiping the blood and viscera away from his face, before the sound of the gunshot finally processed in his brain. Sharon looked shocked, and pressed her left hand to her temple and drew it back, looking at the blood before collapsing in on herself. The sidewalk had faded back into the stage, the sunlight morphing into the spotlight that was illuminating Harry. He looked around and saw Allison walking up the stairs onto the stage, gun drawn. She knelt down and checked the body for a pulse. Sharon looked like she was still alive, but was fading fast. Allison leaned down and whispered in Sharon’s ear.
“That’s my friend you’re talking about.” 
“Allison? Are you… real?” Harry leaned slightly to look at her. She looked back at him with eyes steeped in enough pity to tell him that she was. “Diana?”
“She’s safe Harry. It’s over.” She stood up and holstered her gun. “Did you get what you needed?”
“I got the answers I wanted. But not my memories, those are lost to time.” Harry said, hearing a rumble of applause in the audience. He turned to see that the audience was populated with faces he recognized. Jennifer was in the front row. So was Jessica, and Diana. There was Parker, and Garcia, and Amanda, and Andrew. Diana stood up and ran up the stage, giving Harry a hug. 
“Thank you Harry.” She said. He nodded. The applause was overwhelming now, a standing ovation. Harry smiled and took Diana’s hand in his own, turning her to face the audience. They took a long, deep bow. 

Epilogue: The Joker
The diner. A week later, morning. Harry was looking at a cup of coffee, waiting. He still had some questions, some threads to close. Allison was sitting beside him, and Diana across. She was munching her way through a stack of pancakes, while Allison was smoking a cigar. 
“Are you sure she’ll come?” He asked. 
“She’ll be here.” Allison let a puff of smoke escape her lips. It was the truth. Harry heard the bell of the diner and looked up, his eyes making contact with Jessica for the first time in two weeks. He stood up, and moved into the aisle.
“We met here.” She said. 
“Once upon a time.” He put out his hand. “Let’s try this again. Harry Flynn.”
“Julie Cho.” She smiled. “That’s my real name this time.” Harry invited her to sit next to Diana, and she accepted. 
“The gang’s all here.” Harry said, finally taking a sip of the coffee, which was ice cold by now. Allison shook her head. 
“You’d have made a good detective Harry.”
“Probably not. I heard you were getting a promotion.” 
“Nevada Investigation Division looked real hard at the Syndicate case. Think I can do some good up in Reno. Means I won’t have to deal with your bullshit anymore.” She shrugged and looked out the window. 
“Well, thank you for getting Harry through everything, Allison. If I may call you that?” She nodded. Julie turned to Harry. “On which topic I need to apologize to you, Harry.”
“For what?”
“I’ve put off this meeting for a while because of my own personal… guilt, in this matter.” Harry went to speak but she put up a finger to stop him. “My sister erased everything, from the moment I met you. She was a good psychic. Hypnotist, whatever. I had the same training, and I thought I could recover just those memories of me. The good ones. I always made you forget our sessions, but… it was probably me who triggered your mental break down. She must have instigated a safe guard that I triggered, the night before the show you collapsed in.”
“Don’t worry about it. It led me back to you in the end.” He smiled. “And how’d you know she’d be in the Mirage theatre?”
“She was a showman, always upstaging me. You. Anyone she perceived as a threat. So once I heard Diana had been kidnapped, it was the only explanation that crossed my mind.” She said. Diana looked up at her and shook her head. 
“I don’t know what I did to deserve you two.”
“Well, you almost killed me for one.” Harry said. He laughed. “Waitress, another coffee please.” 
“And now everything is back to normal. Right Harry? No more fuckery?” Allison asked. 
“No, no. Everything is just fine.” The waitresses’ outfit flickered and turned into a nurse’s gown. Harry sighed.

The End.   