“It’s ok, my child. You see Jennifer and Amanda. They are not here, although they were.”
“Well, Father. I hate to do this to you. But I’m not part of the Syndicate anymore. Haven’t been for a while. In fact I can’t even remember a lick of what I did for them. Which is the real reason I’m here.” Harry could see through the grill that Father Brown was becoming noticeably uncomfortable. “The woman outside is a cop. Been keeping me on the straight and narrow but my mind is getting pretty close to snapping. I’m going to need you to give me a little more information on where Jennifer and Amanda are going, and what they’re planning to do.” 
His request was met with silence. For a moment. Then for another, and then a few more. Finally Father Brown spoke.
“Everybody left in the Syndicate knows what happened to you Harry. Some of us believed it was a ploy. To get yourself embedded with the police department. Gave you too much credit as a thinker and not a follower. Now that Amanda figured out who you are she’s upset. Justifiably so.”
“Yeah, yeah, skip the part I know already.” Harry was getting impatient, it was nearly time for another hallucination. It could be any second now. 
“She wants you to feel the same pain you felt. Jennifer is against it; she thinks you’ve suffered enough but…” Father Brown sighed. 
“My wife is dead already. I killed her.” He was somewhat emphatic on that last point.
“Oh Harry. You’re thinking too linearly. You have two versions of events, and yet you believe the one you heard most recently over the one from someone more credible.” Harry cocked his head. Jennifer. She had said his wife wasn’t even dead to begin with. Just… lost. It was a good point, the hallucination that followed Patrick’s revelation had leant it some credulity but… Father brown continued speaking and interrupted the train of thought.
“Everyone left in the Syndicate, all dozen of us or so, know what happened to you and your wife… She’s off limits, you see. Dead or not. But you know what else everyone knows? Everyone knows what you did for Diana too.” Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck.
“Fuck.” Harry kicked the door in front of him open, shoving the gun into his waistband as he did so. “Let’s go.” He started to jog towards the door. Allison looked paralyzed with indecision and took out a pair of handcuffs. She threw open the other door to the confessional and slapped the handcuffs onto Father Brown’s left arm and to a pole that was supporting the roof of the confessional.
“I’ll send a patrol car for you.” She said, throwing the door closed in his face. Harry was running down the stairs of the church when Allison finally caught up. “What’s up?”
“Diana. Amanda’s going after Diana.” 
“Shit.” Allison unlocked the car and got in. She grabbed a radio unit. “This is Greyhound 1 to home base, copy.”
“Copy that, go ahead Greyhound.” The radio crackled while Allison started the car.
“Need nearest patrol car in the area to go to St. Andrew’s Episcopal, we’ve got a suspect handcuffed in a confessional booth. Also any units near…” She turned to Harry. “Where are we going?”
“Grasshopper Diner, it’s just off the strip. 15th and Roosevelt. Kidnapping” He said. Allison nodded.
“All units near 15th and Roosevelt converge on Grasshopper Diner, but do not engage until I arrive. There may be an active kidnapping in progress.”
“Roger that Greyhound, putting out the dispatch now. Out.” The radio died, but immediately returned to life with the call Allison had just put in, this time on the general channel. Allison reached over and flipped a switch on the dashboard, turning on a row of sirens and lights that sat just below the roof above the windscreen. 
“Explain.” She said simply. Harry’s haste had evidently put her on edge, and she was dispensing with formalities. 
“Amanda’s being sloppy, right. She wants to hurt me like I hurt her. But my wife is dead, or at the very least missing if you’ll remember what Jennifer said.”
“Yeah, go on.” She was tugging at the wheel, pulling the car around a corner at extraordinary speed.
“So who can she take, who can she kill, or take, to hurt me? Not you, certainly.”
“Diana.” Allison picked up what he was putting down and finished the thought. Harry felt the car accelerate a little more, pulling it up a gear. Streetlights were just turning on, and the amount of natural light was dimming. The light started to blur, smudging itself across Harry’s vision. His vision became dominated by light, artificial though it may be, instead of the dark of anybody else that late into golden hour. He immediately thought of the white space he had been in before, but this was different. There was a deep fluorescent quality to the light, it was slimy. And the darkness still existed, almost as if he was viewing the world in negative. 
His brain must have cut out most of the time they spent driving, because the next thing he knew the white space was being dominated by a green streak that resolved itself into the diner. He still couldn’t make out anything beyond about the world, but he could see the diner placed gently into this fluorescent nightmare. Allison got out of the car and approached a uniformed officer parked nearby. Harry knew there were more officers around the corner, parked out of sight to avoid giving away their position if Amanda and Jennifer were inside. It didn’t really matter, they were out of sight from Harry too, by virtue of the fact that the diner was sitting in what now felt like a movie set. 
The diner itself was familiar to Harry, but he realized he hadn’t visited it since his mind troubles began. He realized this, of course, because the image of the green-neoned thirty-years-out-of-date quaint little geographically misplaced diner triggered a memory in Harry’s mind. The white studio lights surrounding the diner grew in intensity, blinding Harry temporarily. He shut his eyes to prevent himself going blind, and when he opened them once more noticed that he could now make out the parking lot around the diner. It was raining, and he frantically searched for something to prevent himself from getting wet. 
It didn’t matter, he didn’t have anything. He was wearing a suit jacket, and finally decided to take it off and hold it over his head to prevent his hair from getting wet. He ran towards the diner, and vaguely heard a vision of Allison telling him to stop. His real life must have collided with the vision, but it was too late. Harry was giving into the fantasy now. He entered the diner and looked around. 
It was small, just a single row of booths along the left side and a countertop across. And behind that the kitchen, of course. He saw Jennifer sitting at a booth near the other end of the diner, a steaming cup of coffee in her hands although he was uncertain if this was part of the hallucination or real life. Something in his mind willed him to approach, so he did.
“Something I can help you with?” She looked up at him. 
“I don’t know. I’m a bit lost. Can I sit?” She nodded towards the seat opposite. “Am I here for you?’
“I would expect so. Maybe you’re here for her though.” Harry turned to see another woman enter the diner. Her face was obscured. His wife, it must be. Obscured was the wrong word, now, as she moved into the diner proper and he noticed that she simply didn’t have a face. Brown hair, probably about 5’ 6” but her face was blank. It was as if somebody had been quite particular in making sure that that of all things would be obscured from his memory, no matter how much of his wife remained. He turned back to Jennifer.
“Have we been here before?”
“Depends. Do you mean today, 1993? Or do you mean in your memory?” Harry cocked his head. “We were on a date. You and I. The first time we came here. I wasn’t part of the Syndicate then. Neither were you, for that matter. I was a trainee.  Just starting out at the FBI. Getting ready for big things. You were just a street performer. But I saw something in you, and you in me, and we ended up here. For a while. And then she entered. She was looking for you.” Jennifer took a sip from the coffee in front of her. “Don’t know why. Don’t know how she found you. Wanted to warn you about her sister but instead you ended up marrying her.”
“Warn me… About?”
“It doesn’t matter now. It’s in the past, locked in your mind somewhere not even you can get to it. While we dated you taught me some of the basics, you know.” She snapped her fingers and the rain outside stopped. “Not much, but enough that I know I can affect your hallucinations. Your mind palace. I don’t know what that did but I’m sure it did something interesting.” Harry looked at the woman, the one with the blank face. She was standing at the edge of the table, looking like she had something to say but not knowing how to say it. 
“Are you telling the truth?” He asked. He looked down and noticed that a stack of pancakes had appeared in front of him. There was a knife in his left hand, but it was made of cardboard. In his right hand was a fork, made of marble. He dropped them on the table, but his ears didn’t pick up any noise. Instead, he watched as they shattered into a thousand pieces that flew across the table, some pieces landing in what would have been Jennifer’s lap.
“Yes Harry. I am.” Jennifer said. She took another sip of her coffee. “You have a dozen policeman outside. I’m probably not going to make it out of here without being arrested again. But you see, that’s alright. I staked myself on the wrong person, thought I could get away.” 
“I’m not sure what you’re saying.” He studied Jennifer’s outfit. She was wearing a pink sweater, fuzzy, somewhat static. Some of the tendrils flew out at wild angles. It wouldn’t make sense for this time of year; it must be part of the memory. “I’m stuck halfway between the past and today.” He looked around. Most of the décor didn’t make sense, actually. There was a banner over the countertop: Happy New Year, 1979. A car outside honked and he saw an old Cadillac pull up outside. But parked beside it was a brand new 1993 Ford Escort. 
“I know Harry.” She sighed. “I should’ve known Amanda was a liability. Picked a different backup plan.” It looked to Harry that her cup of coffee was empty, but he couldn’t be sure if that was in the present day or if it was in the past. He turned again to the woman, still trying to say something while standing at the end of his table. A waitress behind the countertop dropped a cup of coffee and he noticed it slow before freezing in midair, the coffee half out of the cup on its path towards the floor. His mind tended to like this hallucination for some reason. He turned to Jennifer, but she had not frozen either. She looked somewhat pale, actually. 
“I don’t know if I’ll make it out there, so let me tell you a couple things.” Harry was a bout to speak but she shook her head and continued. “I can see why you like Diana. Amanda’s taken her. You’ll have to track her down if you want to save her. Unfortunately, I can’t really help you much with that because she shot me right through the kidney and I probably won’t make it another ten minutes.” Harry finally noticed what had been bothering him since he came in. Jennifer had been drinking coffee, but she had always used her non-dominant hand to drink.