“Alright.” He didn’t really know what to say and needed a moment to process. He put out a hand to try and grasp his wife’s hand, but as soon as he touched her she started to dissolve into ash, starting from her hand. The ashen conversion radiated up her arm to her shoulder, then spread to the rest of her body outward. The pieces of her blew away, although what exactly was creating the wind that blew the ash away was unclear. An HVAC system perhaps? Before he knew it she was gone, the ash spreading through the floor into the rest of the diner, the anachronous segments burning away. In some booths the ash worked in reverse, creating people where there were none before. Harry turned and looked out the window, noticing the ash spread out and create a figure of Allison, standing with her hands on her hips shouting at a cop in the middle of the parking lot. “Jennifer, I’ve been having some issues recently. Everybody else says they know better than me. They don’t give me any straight answers. They all talk in riddles, so please, if you’re going to die, give me a couple straight answers for once. Did I kill my wife, or is she still alive? If you answer fast we might even be able to get you to the hospital in time to save your life.” She nodded. 
“That’s fair. Your wife is alive. So is her sister. Twins. One of them was the King of Spades, one of them wasn’t involved in the Syndicate at all. You married the good one.” She cringed. If she was shot through the kidney she’d be losing blood at an inordinate rate right now. “More pressing is Amanda and Diana. You should start at the Sands. She keeps a room there.” Another cringe. He wouldn’t get anything else out of her right now, and if he didn’t act fast he wouldn’t get anything else out of her ever again. He turned and banged on the window, hard enough that Allison turned to look at the diner. The windows were pretty thick, it would be hard enough for Harry to yell through them on a good day. So instead he waved his arms. Nothing. He shook his head and grabbed a napkin of the table, pulling the pen she had given him in the hospital from his pocket. He scribbled. One word, large. Bus. He held it to the window, and watched as Allison grabbed the radio off the officers chest and yelled into it. Pandemonium ensued. As soon as Allison put the radio down she opened the car, pulling a sack out of the glove box and jogging to the front door of the diner, throwing it open and looking around for Harry. It was a first-aid kit.  She rushed to his side.
“What is it?”
“Jennifer. Kidney.” Amanda’s face fell.
“No training on removing bullets. Not sure how much I can do. Ambulance is on the way, should be 2 minutes or less.”
“It’s already been nearly ten since I was shot. I doubt you’ll be able to save me.” Jennifer said. It was to be the last thing she said at the table, as she collapsed forwards from the loss of blood. 
“Jennifer. Jennifer, stay with me.” Amanda was shaking her. Nothing. She removed her hand from her stomach and immediately started to apply pressure of her own. The blood was still blowing out, pumped by a heart that refused to give out – for the moment. Harry heard an ambulance approaching, and watched through the window as it pulled up to the diner. Paramedics jumped out and ran inside, eventually joining them at the table. His brain was having difficulty focusing, and he knew they were saying something. He couldn’t hear anything, and eventually his mind fazed out completely. 
He was still awake, of course. Cognizant, even. But it felt like he was stuck halfway between two different time periods. The only things fully in focus, fully formed that is, were the things that hadn’t changed in the past 5 years. The countertop. The table in front of him. Every person in the diner was half translucent, and Harry recognized that at least half the people, too, were completely foreign to him. A good 50% of them he knew from when he had finally returned to the current time when speaking with Jennifer, but the rest were from a different time. 
Whenever that time was, he wasn’t able to tell. But he looked back across the table to see if he could find out. He could see present day paramedics working to save Jennifer. She had a mask over her face now, providing her emergency oxygen. And Allison was standing, looking nervously between Jennifer and Harry. No doubt she could see in his eyes that he wasn’t all there. Harry could see, also in half transparency and evidently the other end of the timestream he was jump stepping, his wife, her face obscured by virtue of being seated exactly where Jennifer was. Their faces had merged and there was no way for him to deconvolve the two. 
This diner was important to Harry’s history, his wife. It had to be. She was saying something, but it was like Harry was hearing every miniscule detail of what everybody in the diner was saying at the same time. It all blended together into an overwhelming sense of static. He placed his hands on the table, and force conjured a cup of coffee into the hallucination. It appeared between his hands and began to warm them as the steam wafted its way up to his nostrils. He looked into the coffee and saw his face reflected back there. He used that as a focal point and focused. The noises started to fall away, unimportant conversations fading into the background as he slowly picked through the noise. He finally landed on it. His wife’s voice. It had to be, it triggered a sense of recognition deep inside buried beyond any of his conscious memories. 
“Harry, are you listening? My sister is planning something. And you’re at the center of it. I’m trying to warn you.” She reached forward to grab his hands, and he saw a semi-translucent version of his own hand reach back to take her hand in his. He responded, something that he couldn’t hear. Whatever he said was missing from his memory. “I’m serious Harry. You’re one of the few people who can tell us apart and if we lose that…” The voice trailed off and Harry’s head darted upward. What happened? 
The entire past hallucination had disappeared. Jennifer too, was gone, wheeled away by the paramedics while Harry was in another universe. He looked across the table and saw that Allison had taken the seat opposite.
“The paramedics don’t think Jennifer is going to make it. She lost a lot of blood. Her pulse was weak when they got her out of here.” Harry was looking through Allison, his mind a world away. 
“I met my wife here. She interrupted a date I was on.” He said absent mindedly. He shook his head and realized that it wasn’t relevant. “What’s important is that my wife and her alleged sister are alive, according to Jennifer. We need to save Diana before anything happens to her before we can investigate. Jennifer said that Amanda keeps a room at the Sands.” Harry stood up. He gestured to the door, but Allison wasn’t moving yet. 
“Harry, are you sure you can do this? You’ve been in a state of hallucination for nearly 30 minutes now. It’s your longest one yet.” He sat back down.
“That’s why we need to move. Now. This is all coming to a head Allison, 24 hours or less. I’m now confident that the King of Spades did this to me herself, and to find her I need to find my wife and to find my wife I need to save Diana. Please.” She nodded, gulping down a cup of coffee she had evidently ordered when Harry was not paying attention, and led the way out the diner. 

They pulled up to the Sands in haste. Allison had taken to using the sirens now even though there was no emergency that they were aware of. Sure, Amanda might be holding Diana hostage right this second, but they had no evidence she was in the Sands. Allison dropped the car off at the valet and gave the man standing there strict instructions to keep the car close. She tossed him the keys and followed Harry into the Sands.
He had been here before when it was being renovated. It was before he had his residency at the Mirage and was living on the streets, broke. The construction gave him the perfect cover to enter the casino, unnoticed, and scam people in the lobby. A free reading here. A lost relative reaching out to tell him something there. And eventually had an apartment. And then a show. 
This memory shouldn’t have been accessible to him at all. It was just before he joined the Syndicate, days maybe. A week at most. Hang on, that meant whoever walled off his mind stopped when he joined the Syndicate. He turned to Allison as they crossed the lobby and abruptly stopped. 
“I know when I joined the Syndicate.”
“Ok?” 
“It means I can trace the outline of the memory block, I know when it starts and ends now.”
“Well that’s great Harry, but we need to find Amanda’s room before something drastic happens, so, if you please?” She pointed towards the receptionist’s table with the cigar in her hand. He nodded and allowed her to pass towards the receptionist. He watched from a distance, trying to reconstruct his days between his first visit here and the day he joined the Syndicate. If he could just find the date, he joined the Syndicate…
A jolting pain shot through his head as he got closer to what he presumed was his joining date. It was either that or the fact that his ears had heard although is brain had not yet processed that the phone at the receptionist’s counter rang, and the receptionist was calling for Harry Flynn. He gripped his head and straightened up, walking over to the counter. His hand was holding his temple, trying to subside the throbbing. 
“You wouldn’t happen to have an aspirin?”
“I’ll go find one.” The receptionist disappeared, putting the phone in Harry’s hand. He put it up to his ear.
“Harry speaking.”
“Harry. You’re probably aware that I have Diana by now. You’re at the Sands. Jennifer sent you there, right?” Harry gestured Allison over and covered the receiver with his hand.
“She knows we’re here. Check the front, she might be tailing us.” Allison nodded and crossed the reception back to the front door. 
“What do you want Amanda?”
“I want you to pay for what you did Harry. Jennifer told me you had a wife but that you killed her. Shame. Had to make do with the second best thing.”
“Put her on the phone.” The receptionist had mercifully returned with an aspirin which Harry knocked back dry. 
“Yeah, alright.” There was a crackle on the other side of the line.
“Harry? Harry?” It was Diana. She sounded alright, thankfully.
“Diana? Are you alright?”
“I’m good. Harry we left the city we’re…” Her voice was cut off, presumably by Amanda grabbing the phone back to prevent Diana from revealing their location. Good girl though, she had given him enough to discern their location. 
“Look, I’m not into this psychic shit you are, so I’ll do this quick and easily. Bullet to the head. I’ll give you one hour to find me, then she dies.” The line went dead. 