“Yeah, alright.” Harry said. He gestured towards the cuffs and Allison unlocked them. 
“Oh, and Garcia left this for you.” She picked up a file folder off the table beside the hospital bed. “I read it, seems iron clad.” She added a new fountain pen to the file before handing it to Harry. “To replace the one you destroyed. In her ankle.” She nodded towards Diana. Harry just nodded and signed the triplicate forms, handing them back but shoving the pen into his pocket. 
“We should start with Jennifer Flowers. She knew me and my wife in the before times.” He lifted his legs out of the bed and immediately collapsed to the floor. Yeah, gonna take a second for his legs to get used to having to move again. 

Garcia was reluctant to allow Harry and Allison access to Jennifer Flowers, head of the clubs division of the Syndicate. She was in FBI custody, in a remote field location buried in the Mojave desert, far away from any possible Syndicate contacts in Vegas. He was nursing a broken nose when the two arrived, but waved off any questions about it when they asked. 
“Yeah, yeah, carte blanche, whatever.” He put his ice pack down and waved Allison and Harry behind his desk. He walked them out of the field office and out into the desert. There was another building across the parking lot, which was really just a stretch of unpaved desert. The building itself looked a bit like a temporary building, but Garcia anticipated the incoming question.
“Concrete, reinforced. Doors are steel.” He said. He wiped a ball of sweat off his forehead and pulled a set of keys out of his pocket. The door opened and revealed that the inside of the building was a string of cells, with an interrogation room in front. Just one, a single room, with an observation window that opened into the entrance hallway. “To make sure there’s no shenanigans with the interrogations.” He also pointed out a man sitting in a guard room across, with a string of computer monitors in front of him. 
“Hey, Garcia, what up?” The guard said before recognizing that Garcia was not alone. “I mean, Agent Garcia. How can I help you?”
“Jennifer Flowers. Cell 6. Can you bring her to the interrogation room?”
“I’ll get right on it. Blake!” He yelled at a guard down the guard hallway behind the entrance post. Someone yelled back an affirmative and Garcia showed them into the interrogation room. 
“She’ll be in in a minute. I’ll be outside with the guard.” The room itself looked almost identical to the one at the police station, but Harry noticed that the wall was a deep shade of blue, although it was rapidly turning green. A stick figure appeared on the wall and waved at Harry and then walked around to the door, where he grabbed at the door handle, just as the door opened and Jennifer came through.
She was wearing an orange jumpsuit, and her hands were cuffed to a chain that connected to her feet. This created an awkward shuffle maneuver, which Harry found unreasonably funny. He stifled a giggle as the stick figure man on the wall waved the door closed. The man made his way around the wall, and a stick figure lady (identifiable by the fact that she was drawn wearing an orange dress… for some reason) popped into existence. The two faced each other, and although neither of them had a face Harry could tell they were arguing about something. Perhaps, Harry realized, it was not a dress, but a jumpsuit instead. 
“Harry Flynn. I was wondering when you’d grace me with your presence.” Jennifer cocked her head. She probably noticed that Harry’s eyes were focused on the wall behind her head, where the stick figures had devolved into a scuffle, well represented by a scribble shuffle with dust coming off. Allison jabbed his stomach and he looked at Jennifer.
“Needed some information.” He said. 
“About your wife, right?” She nodded. “I suspect you found Patrick Simms.” The name didn’t ring a bell to Harry. She let out a sigh. “The King of Hearts.”
“Ah.” He looked at Allison. Had they learned his name yet? She shrugged, Garcia had never passed his name on to them. Fine. Fair enough. 
“He was always an asshole. What did he tell you?”
“I killed my wife.” Harry said. Allison was giving him the lead on this one; she didn’t want to know what he’d do if she didn’t. Jennifer nodded. She put her hands up to her face and scratched her chin. 
“Interesting. Our psych profile on him deemed that an unlikely course of action.” There was a pause. “Not unlikely, that’s not exactly as precise as I’d like. Suffice to say we didn’t think it would be what he told you.”
“We?”
“I basically ran this field station Harry; you’d be a fool to think I didn’t dip into my resources to keep tabs on my contemporaries.”
“Which means you know who the King of Spades is. What they’ll do next.”
“Profiling is about as exact a science as your little hobby. Psychology? What would you call your stage show?”
“Mentalism.”
“Mentalism, that’s a good word.” Jennifer cracked her knuckles. “Who’s the King of Spades Lily?”
“It’s probably not a great idea for me to tell you. They probably even know you’re here, now, and I kind of like being alive.”
“But you do know?”
“In a way.” Jennifer closed her eyes. The stick figures above her head had stopped fighting. They had made up, shaking hands and seeming to have come to a truce. 
“What would it take to get you to help?”
“Nothing you could provide. Not now.”
“Later?” The stick figures were looking at Harry, if they had faces they’d probably be glaring at him.
“No, I meant, given your condition.” She turned, seemingly making eye contact with one of the stick figures, the one in the orange dress/jumpsuit. They nodded at each other and she looked back at Harry.
“Try me.”
“The 7 of Spades. If you can arrest them, and perhaps… navigate them into a cell next to mine. Perhaps we can deal.”
“What would that get you?”
“We have unfinished business.” Lily did not look ready to elaborate.
“You would need to give us a lead. How to find them. We have nothing.” Harry’s stick figure had produced a piece of chalk and was drawing a heart. It then drew another stick figure lady, giving them long brown hair. His wife. He shook off the distraction and tried to focus on Lily. 
“You ever been to Caesar’s Palace?”
“Sure, once or twice.”
“The Forum Shops. Tiffany and Co. Ask for Amanda.”
“And who is Amanda?”
“Harry, Harry. I know you love the puzzle, and I know you love the chase. I have your file memorized, I reread it every night while I’m trapped in here. It’d be too easy if I told you who Amanda was. But I think you’ll figure it out.”
“Really Lily? This is what we’re supposed to go on?” Allison interjected, finally growing impatient with the way things were going. “How the f—” Harry put up a hand. 
“It’s fine Allison. We won’t anything else out of her for now.” He looked at her, then at the wall behind her. The only stick figure remaining was his own, who nodded at him then blinked out of existence, the wall returning to the deep midnight blue color it had started as. 
“Very good Harry. You’re learning.” She laughed.
“Allow me to ask one question though. In my memory. You said she wasn’t good enough for me. I was kicking you out.”
“Ah, so that’s what you remembered. It wasn’t the last time we interacted. It was also true. You were and are better than what she wanted you to be.” Jennifer leaned back in her chair, a subtle sign that she was done, for good this time. Harry nodded. He nodded towards the door and he and Allison left the room, waved to Garcia as they did, then headed out into the desert heat. 

They drove straight to Caesar’s palace. No time to waste, not that Harry had anywhere to be. Carl had fired him. Well, he had “let Harry leave on his own” which was just a nice way to say Harry couldn’t perform anymore. It was a reasonable course of action, Harry’s last show had gone poorly and he had hallucinated that his guest was wearing a clown outfit the entire time they were on stage. He couldn’t keep a straight face. 
“Are you sure you can do this?” Allison had a cigar in her mouth and the window open. She was chewing the end, having neglected to light the cigar. She claimed it was because she was trying to quit, but Harry wasn’t so sure. 
“I can do this. If anything goes sideways, take over. You know how to handle these people.” Harry was watching a gazelle run along side the car, weaving in and out of the other lanes. “And if I collapse, use that as leverage. Get some information out of her.” Allison nodded. 
“I’ll do my best.” She took an offramp into the strip. The gazelle vanished. Its presence had triggered something in Harry’s mind. 
“Allison, I need a favor.”
“What is it Harry? Not like I haven’t done everything you’ve asked of me already.” 
“Diana…” His voice trailed off. “She’s a good kid. If I lose control before this is all over…” Allison took the cigar from her mouth and turned to look at Harry while she waited for the light to change. “She can take care of herself. Just check in every once in a while and make sure she’s doing alright.”
“Sure thing Harry.” Allison nodded, noticing that the light had turned green. They pulled into the parking lot for the shopping mall and made their way to Tiffany and Co. 

Harry looked into the store as they were approaching and cursed in extremity under his breath and pulled Allison into the nearest store. He tugged her to a shelf filled with handbags and peaked over at Tiffany. Was she real? She had to be. Nothing about the lady indicated that she was a hallucination. Which was concerning, because her existence alone caused another memory bleed.
“What is it Harry?” It was an exasperated tone. 
“I know her. Amanda, that has to be Amanda.” He pointed to the front of the store before looking back down and picking up a handbag.
“How?”
“I killed her husband.”
“Fuck.” Allison ducked behind the stand. It was true, Harry saw the memory play out on the side of the handbag he was intently studying. He was following the man home. The memory enveloped him and he watched it play out around him. The man rang a doorbell, he had left his keys at the office. Or so he thought. Harry had lifted them when he stopped the man at lunch. His wife would answer the door any second now. Harry approached, silently, snapped his fingers at the man’s ears. His eyes went black and he dropped the bags of groceries he was holding. Harry slipped a knife into the man’s hand.
“Turn around and fall on the knife.” He whispered in the man’s ear. He snapped his fingers again, and started to walk away, just as the door opened. The lady asked the man what was going on, just as he fell and impaled himself. She screamed. Harry turned as he entered the shadows, just to verify that the man was going to die. He caught a glimpse of the woman’s face, it burned itself into his memory as he felt a pang of guilt mixed with horror. The man killed himself, but the blood was assuredly on Harry’s hands. The memory faded away, like a watercolor dropped into an ocean to reveal that Harry was still staring at a handbag, although a clerk was trying to get his attention to assist him. He waved them off and put the bag back on the shelf. 