“Patient’s over there.” Harry gestured towards Joey. “Knife to the arm.”
“We stopped the bleeding with his shirt, couldn’t do much more than that.”
“That should be fine.” The nurse circled the table and double checked the makeshift bandages the duo had assembled. Harry’s eyes returned to the bandages and followed a drop of blood that had made its way through the fabric as it fell to the floor. They were not as successful as they might have hoped. “I’ll take him to the hospital.” The nurse said.
“Shouldn’t there be two of you?” Allison asked. She had her hand instinctively on her waist, but there was nothing there so she was instead trying to look casual about it. 
“Busy day. Lots of injuries to go around.” No eye contact. He reached towards Joey and tried to help him out of his seat. Joey wanted to help, but he was too weak to even force himself to stand. “I’ll get a gurney.” He left the room and Harry heard his steps reverberate across the main floor, getting further away.
“That gives us a few more seconds.” Harry was trying to look at Joey but he was still mesmerized by the blood. 
“Find the bank account in the Red Rock Bank. That’ll lead you to the four of diamonds. Use the card.” Joey was gasping now. 
“Shit.” Harry realized he might not even make it to the hospital. The cut was worse than expected. That’s why the blood mesmerized him, subconsciously. 
“She knows…” Joey expired as the nurse entered the room. 
“Fuck.” He made sudden haste and dragged Joey to the gurney and wheeled him to the ambulance. Harry watched through the office window as the nurse tried to restart Joey’s heart, giving him a few shocks with the paddles before eventually giving up. 
“Something’s wrong here.” Allison had been silent for a while, her only contribution was talking to the nurse. “That nurse made no real effort to revive him. Was just for show.”
“How would you know?”
“I’ve seen my fair share of deaths. That one was hinky.” She shook her head and tried to see if the bouncer was approaching their position. He seemed to be momentarily absent so she gestured towards Harry. “See if you can find something useful in his desk.”
“Sure.” Harry circle the table and went to look through the drawers. He was not surprised to find himself quickly buried in paperwork. Bills. Donations. Payroll. Mountains of financial documents and disclosures, most incomprehensible to Harry, spilled out of every drawer. If there was a system, Harry could not decipher it. He was running out of time. Footsteps were approaching from the front door. He started to frantically throw papers out of the drawers, sending them flying all over the floor as he did so. His eyes happened upon a folder, neatly packed and surprisingly out of place among the rest of the paperwork. There was a gorgeous red embossed logo on the front, and Harry caught the phrase “Red” somewhere in the logo before grabbing it and slipping it inside his coat as the footsteps reached the door. It was the nurse. Again. 
“I couldn’t save him.”
“We know. Saw out the window.” Allison responded. She gave a half hearted thrust towards the window before grabbing the nurse with her free hand and turning him to lead him out the door. Harry caught the signal and proceeded to shuffle through the remaining (left side) drawers in the desk. He was most displeased to discover… nothing else of note. Allison was still out of the room, so he took the opportunity to pull the folder from his jacket and read the cover more carefully. 
The red embossed logo that he had only skimmed before revealed itself to be an elaborate formation of three rock peaks, the middle towering over the other two. Below it, in bold somewhat blocky font: “Red Rock Bank.” Good enough for Harry. He returned the folder to his jacket and made his way around the desk to follow Allison out, just passing the bouncer who was coming to find him along the way. He nodded at him to confirm he was leaving and found Allison outside. She was watching the ambulance pull away, Joey’s body in the back.
“I don’t think that man is really a doctor.”
“What would give you that impression?”
“He wouldn’t tell me what hospital he’s going to take the body to. Nor did he want me to take it to the morgue at the station for an autopsy.”
“That seems…” Harry stumbled on the word. 
“Incorrect?” Allison finished the sentence for him. “It is.”
“We could follow it.”
“Too dangerous. If they’re not a nurse we’d be putting ourselves in a bad position. And I don’t have my gun on me. Get in.” She unlocked the car. “What did you find?”
“Dossier it looks like. Red Rock Bank. Joey told us to find the accounts in the bank, this should give us a head start at least.” He removed the folder from his jacket once again. He flipped it open to reveal only a single sheet of paper. “Nevermind.” 
“What?” Allison was trying to navigate her way back to the police station.
“Only a single sheet in here. Deposit receipt from two months ago. Account number is missing though.
“Isn’t that convenient. So let’s summarize. Our one lead is dead. The lead he gave us is a no show. And you’ve got no leverage left.”
“That’s not true. I have Joey’s two of diamonds. Take the sheet to the bank. Take the card. Find the account. Seems straightforward.” 
“Really? Why is your ten of spades purple? Where’s your golden card?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t even know I still had this until three days ago.” Kevin took Joey’s two of diamonds from his sleeve and inserted it into his deck of cards. “If that nurse was a member of the Syndicate he would have left a calling card.”
“Fuck.” Allison flipped on her covert police lights and screeched the car through a u-turn. She screamed the car down the road back to Diane’s. Daisy’s. Harry had forgotten again which was correct. The neon sign illuminated nothing for him, because now it read “Duke’s.” but he neglected to mention this to his reluctant companion. She threw the door open and exited the car, taking off towards where the ambulance was parked. She was putting a glove on as she ran. 
Harry simply watched, the world was starting to tilt and he wasn’t certain he could run in a straight line. Allison looked like she had found something on the ground. From this distance she looked quite familiar. 5 foot 6. Brown hair. No, no not now. Harry shook his head and tried to reset his vision. It was not working, if anything it made it worse. 
The car started to roll away from him, moving towards the road. Harry made a grab at it although he wasn’t sure what he would do. The hand brake was inside the car and he was outside. It continued to roll, so Harry started to try and walk after it. There was a truck coming down the road, fast. 60, no, 70miles an hour. It was going to hit their car! Harry took off in a run, swaying as he did so and the world started to turn again. The truck was approaching now, just as the car rolled into the intersection. An impact was certain, any second…
“Harry.” Harry shook his head as he turned to the voice. Nothing had changed. He hadn’t moved, his arm was still leaning against the hood of the car. Allison was holding in her hands a playing card, the unmistakable purple card back facing him. “What happened?”
“I thought. The car was rolling into the intersection, like the world had tilted that way. There was a truck…” He brushed his nose and felt blood wet his fingers. He looked at it with disdain. “This shouldn’t be possible.”
“You’ve said that before.” Allison reached into her pocket and removed a handkerchief. She handed it to Harry, who used it to wipe his nose. 
“I know. Thanks.” He folded the kerchief and shoved it into his pocket. “I’ll take this to the dry cleaners for you.” Allison just kind of shrugged. She flipped the card and showed it to Harry. 
“Five of spades.”
“He struck earlier than I thought.” Harry took the card from Allison and slipped it too into his deck. “Now we know what he looks like.” 
“How did he not recognize you?”
“Same way I didn’t recognize him. We identify ourselves by our cards.”
“But Joey… He indicated he knew you before, maybe before you were in the Syndicate.”
“Maybe he did. I don’t know.”
“You don’t know.” Allison said. She crossed her arms and shook her head.
“Seargeant Hayes, I just watched your car roll into an intersection while the world turned upside down. Forgive me if I’m having a bit of difficulty fucking remembering something more than a week old. I don’t even know my wife’s name. I didn’t even know she had been killed until Joey said it! Cut me some slack.” Harry stormed off for a second to catch his breath. He needed to calm down. Emotional subjects were easier to hypnotize, their brains more active. Getting angry now would only hasten whatever was happening to him. He closed his eyes and centered himself, breathing slowly. Once he was comfortable that his thoughts had emptied he opened them and returned to Allison. “Sorry. I’m just not looking forward to whatever the next stage of this mental issue is.”
“I can imagine. Shouldn’t we take you to a doctor?”
“Doctor won’t know what’s wrong with me. It’s psychosomatic. Someone inserted a psychic trigger into my mind and its running amok. I can feel it banging around in there but I can’t stop it no matter how hard I try.” Allison gave Harry a look that he felt betrayed the first sense of sympathy she had shown him in the past 48 hours, but it was quickly removed from her face. He shrugged and pointed to the car. “Our next step is to find the four of diamonds. Joey said they did something to me when I got out, maybe she’ll know.”
“But she wouldn’t know who you are.”
“She’d know me as the ten of spades. And we know Joey told her about me in that context. I’ll pretend to be the two of diamonds, they would never have met in person. Talk about myself in the third person. It won’t be difficult. I’ve done it before.”
“You’ve done what before?” Allison was unlocking the car. 
“Pretended to be someone else. It’s a simple mentalism trick.”
“I don’t want to know.” She said, starting the car.

The sun was still high in the sky. Allison had promised Harry two hours but had given him three with the kerfuffle with the nurse. Harry was able to convince her for another few hours to make a trip to the Red Rock Bank that afternoon, with the promise that he’d leave her alone if they found nothing. She acquiesced to the request, admitting that she was at least a little bit curious to see Harry’s act in action. 
Harry prepared by slipping the two of diamonds into his front lapel pocket, the gold side facing outwards. If you weren’t in the know, nothing would seem obvious about anything on his outfit, but if he were to run into the four of diamonds she’d recognize it. He carried the folder under his arm, the logo facing outwards so anyone approaching could read it. Allison watched from the car as Harry approached the front door. 
He shoved it open and announced his presence with the arrogance he had learned on stage four years prior. 
