He carried the folder to the bank tellers in front of him and placed it down on the table. 
“I’d like to talk to someone about a bank account I have here.” Harry had a pair of sunglasses on and he gingerly removed them as he talked. “Where’s your manager?” The rather flustered attendant across the desk from him gave him a weird halfhearted shrug and pointed vaguely in the direction of a woman who was currently approaching from the opposite side of the bank floor. 
“I can help you over here, sir.” She pointed towards a desk, just outside of view from the front sidewalk where Allison was currently parked. No matter, he’d just have to be sure to let her know what happened once he got out. The lady pointed to a seat that Harry took for himself. He placed his sunglasses down on the table in front of him, placing them on top of the folder. As he did so he noticed a golden playing card sitting underneath a coffee mug on the table, next to lady’s right hand. 
“I think I can make a guess as to who you are.” Harry said. He took a glance over the desk trying to absorb as much information as he could while he talked. She had a picture of a family on the side of the desk, he had just made out two kids and a dog – a golden retriever – as he sat down. There were only three pens on the table, black, blue and red. Meticulously organized, sitting dead straight and parallel to the side of the table. Otherwise the desk was empty, except for a computer monitor occupying a third of the right side of the desk, to the attendant’s left. The mouse was left-handed.
“Then you have me at a disadvantage. We were never supposed to meet in person.”
“Times are different now. Someone scratched out my account number.” Harry slide the sheet of paper out of the folder and handed it across to the four of diamonds. He spirited the card out of his pocket and lay it on top the paper, flipping it over to reveal the face value on the card.
“Two.” She said. “What was wrong with a phone call?”
“They’ve tapped my phone.” The meticulous organization of the desk suggested a steadfast mind easily tipped out of balance. A little paranoia would go a long way. 
“We’ve never talked about anything unpermitted.” 
“We talked about the ten of spades.” Harry countered. Too much paranoia would ruin the moment, he had to tread lightly now. 
“Ah.” The four handed Harry the two back, and he returned it to his lapel pocket. 
“My account number. I need it.”
“Did you forget it?”
“Never memorized it. Too dangerous. Kept this sheet of paper but the number’s gone.” She finally looked down at the paper.
“Looks like someone stripped it off. That’s fine. I can look up your account number from the rest of the information on this page.” She started to type, slowly and methodically. And quite annoyingly, Harry thought. He would have appreciated if she could have typed softer and more importantly, less rhythmically. Harry needed an escape, fast.
“So it’s pretty fucked what they did.” Panic. It was a sloppy statement but he could already feel his mind slipping from his grasp as the tapping lulled him into the same trance he was so adept at using on stage. Thank god, the tapping stopped and the four looked away from the screen to make eye contact with him. 
“Should we really talk about that here?”
“If the king heard us on the phone he probably wouldn’t appreciate it.” She nodded emphatically at this. She returned to her investigation. “Can’t imagine what it must be like to lose a loved one like that.” He was playing off the picture on the desk now. Bingo. He saw the four steal a glance at the image herself before she started to talk. 
“I looked into that thing you asked about.” She was looking around to make sure no one could hear her. “I don’t know who they sent after her. Couldn’t find the calling card. But I did find where the money came from. 5 left his calling card.” She reached into her desk and removed another playing card from the top drawer. This was getting very confusing very quickly. “He’s an arrogant son-of-a-bitch. Two weeks ago, couple days after the murder, he dropped this in with a deposit envelope. Lucky I caught it when it came through.” She removed the envelope itself next from the drawer in front of her. “Paid off the hitman. Might have been an outside contractor to try and keep the Syndicate clean.”
“Why do you say that?” 
“Payments are normally settled internally, you know this.” Whoops. A misstep on his part but nothing too major. “Unless, of course, five was just showing off that he was responsible. I suppose that could be possible.” She returned to the computer monitor. “Found your account.” She pulled out a pen and wrote down the number in the missing spot on the form that Harry had brought in. She put the pen back in its prescribed position, between the blue and red ones, and returned the paper to the folder. Harry took this as his sign to leave but before he did he wanted to take a chance on something.
“Think you can find five?”
“Probably not. Outside my scope. Heard he once worked at a casino but got fired, dunno what happened to him after that.” Harry sighed and gave her a nod. 
“Thanks anyway.”
“Stay in touch two.” She said, giving him a friendly wave. Harry felt a pang of guilt at that, but it quickly passed before he left the bank. There was nothing he could do now, everything was out of his control.

Almost everything. He was sitting back in Allison’s office, having debriefed her on what happened at the bank. He produced from the folder the 5 of diamonds and the accompanying deposit/withdrawal slip to reinforce his story, but she did not seem very impressed.
“We have nothing.”
“We have something. The Syndicate killed my wife… ex-wife… someone god dammit, I can’t even remember who they were but I know what they looked like.” Harry said. He slammed his fist on the table. 
“We don’t know that at all. All you have is proof that this mysterious five of diamonds paid someone to do… something. I don’t even know if these diamonds exist, like I said, we’ve only ever found spades and clubs.”
“I explained why to you already. Plus you met Joey. You know something’s going on here.”
“You could have set that whole thing up.”
“And what, killed him? I was with you the whole day up to that point.”
“Not the whole day.”
“Ok, well, when you find a way to stab someone in the arm and have them conveniently bleed out two hours later in the presence of a witness you let me know. Sergeant.” Harry added a pointed good-bye vibe to the last word and shut the door behind him as he left. He had left the five and the slip on her desk, with any luck she would either seek him out to return it or she’d do some investigating herself. He had given her all the details he now had on the murder too. All Harry could do now was hope that she’d do something with the details she had been given. 

Harry had a lead of his own to follow in the meantime. At his last stop by the bank he had withdrawn a $100 bill and pocketed it, just in case. He now removed it and handed it to the casino teller asking for it in a mix of chips he could take onto the floor. 
There was an open seat at a blackjack table halfway through the floor. Technically he wasn’t supposed to play on the floor at the hotel he worked at. Company policy. Didn’t really matter though, he had done this dozens of times. If the take was bad on the street and he had some cash, he could flip it to just enough to pay the rent here. It looked like it would be a good night again, his table was easy to read.
On his left, a middle-aged divorcee, gambling away her divorce settlement. Next to her a college kid who had clearly just cashed his first paycheck. On his right was a young blonde, waiting for someone with a payroll like Harry’s to approach. Next to her a cheating businessman who had lost her interest when he split on 6’s. Rookie mistake. 
Harry had read the table out of habit, he wasn’t really there to make money. No, he was there for Jennifer Cho, the dealer. She owed him something. 
“Evening Jennifer, table looks hot over here.”
“Always hot for you Harry.” He gave a half hearted chuckle. 
“What about you, Nancy?” The divorcee stifled a gasp. 
“How did you know my name?”
“I’m a bit of a psychic.” He said. 
“Can you tell me what cards are up next?” 
“Maybe. I don’t think the casino would appreciate that though.” Harry gave her a wink. “All I’ll say is double down on the next hand.”
“You wanna try that trick with me?” The businessman. 
“Your wife know you’re here?” Harry was picking a fight. Successfully. The blonde turned to the man and slapped him.
“You told me you were single!”
“I was! I am!” They started to argue and Harry simply shrugged his eyebrows and turned back to the game. He had drawn a blackjack on his first hand. Lucky him, but it meant the rest of the night would have to be spent betting conservatively so that the eye in the sky wouldn’t notice. 
“Love the necktie Jennifer. Is that silk?” He had waited three or four hands before commenting, pretending to be invested in the game when he was really waiting for the right moment. 
“It is, thank you for noticing Harry.”
“Say I was hoping you could help me with something.” A 2 and a 3. Shit hand. He needed to hit on Jennifer’s shown 9. “Hit.” An 8. Bad. “Hit again. I used to know someone who worked in a casino, dunno where they ended up now. Was hoping maybe you’d know.” A 5. That’ll have to do.
“I might.” Jennifer knew everyone who was anyone who was a dealer. “Dunno if I could tell you though.”
“Well I was just thinking, I know a guy who works with silk, maybe I can put in a word.” Geoffrey Anderson, saw the show February 13th, volunteered on stage. Tailor downtown. Owes Harry a favor. An odd detail for Harry to remember, given the circumstances. “He’d love to make a necktie for a neck like yours.” 
“Hey.” The blonde had finally given up in her argument with the businessman. She was stroking Harry’s arm.
“Sorry, my passions lie elsewhere. I don’t own a riding crop either.” The blonde looked offended that Harry had spilled such a secret in public but confronting him would only confirm what he had guessed. She shook her head and moved off to find another table to accost. 
“Tell you what Harry, get me the necktie first and I’ll find out what you wanna know. My favourite color is blue. Any more details to go on?”
“Must have been fired…” Harry thought for a second. Five would have been out of the casino for a while, long enough to have found another job where he could launder money. Something better than a bank since he was higher ranked than four, but still not as good as a casino. Theatre manager, probably outside the strip. Month or two to get the job give or take. “6 months ago? Let’s say between 6 months and a year. Pretty sure he works as a theatre manager now. Not sure he was a dealer, but he worked with money.”
