“I’ll see what I can do Harry.” She paused. “Really, splitting on double two’s?” Harry looked down at his cards. Two ten of spades. That wasn’t right. Sure, it was possible, the Mirage always used three decks in their blackjack, but it was statistically so unlikely he couldn’t consider this to be correct. Splitting on tens was also a bit of a fools errand, but he wasn’t really sure why he had done it. His hand seemed to be moving on its own. He shook his head.
“No, no sorry. I was thinking about something else, I was distracted.” 
“Alright then chief.” She drew the next card to the divorcee, the third ten of spades. And then another to the college student, another ten of spades. What the hell was going on? Another ten to the businessman. She flipped her own card to reveal… a ten of spades. Harry reached for his pocket where he had stored Allison’s handkerchief the previous day. He found it and started to dab at some sweat beads that were forming on his head. 
Harry tried to place another bet for the next hand and watched as all of his chips morphed into ten’s. He threw down a random amount and tried to play another hand. Ten. Ten. Ten. He couldn’t be sure what he was betting on now, whether he should hit or stand. Ten. Hit. Ten. Harry shrugged, at this point it was even more a game of chance than before. Stand. This would have to be his last hand, nothing could really be done about this situation now. He busted out on the hand and apologized to his friends at the table. He hastily gathered his chips and made his way to cash out. 
By the time he got there his head was pounding and he could barely see anything in focus. His vision had blurred to the point of being indistinguishable, and his chips clattered across the teller’s desk. He apologized profusely and grabbed the cash from the checkout window. He stumbled his way to the front door and pushed it open, blinding himself with the light of the sun on the outside. The inside of the casino had been too dim for his eyes to accurately predict what was about to happen, and his vision went totally white once the sun hit his eyes. Harry tried to close his eyes but it did not alleviate the blindness. There was a bench to the left of the entrance, near the valet table, and so Harry made his way towards it. He knew its location by heart, he just needed to find it. 
His foot slipped off the curb and Harry triangulated his location based on the angle of his trip. Three steps to the left, four steps forward. His foot kicked the leg of the bench and Harry breathed a sigh of relief as he sunk into the bench. He just needed to sit down and….

Harry’s eyes shot open. It was nighttime now. The neon lights of the valet area cast a dull glow across everything, although mercifully Harry could actually start to make out details once more. An Aston Martin pulled up to the valet who accepted his keys and watched as the owner marched towards the front door of the casino. The valet drove off with the car and Harry was briefly alone again, though the valet had evidently failed to check on him at any point. Probably thought he was drunk. Which wasn’t really that far from the truth, when you think about it. 
Once he got home Harry checked his voicemail. No calls from Allison. He wasn’t really surprised but was moderately disappointed anyway. He changed for his performance that evening. Carl, in an effort to keep as much profit as possible, had refused to put off any of Harry’s performances and was obligating him to still return to the stage. 
The next evening, after taking a trip into downtown to meet with his tailor “friend”, Harry returned to the mirage casino floor to gift Jennifer a beautiful blue silk neck tie. He had tied it around his wrist so that he would not lose it on the way. He changed another hundred dollar bill and tracked down Jennifer’s table that evening. He was surprised to see Allison there, nursing an increasingly paltry stack of casino chips. 
“You’d be forgiven for someone thinking you were trying to lose.” Harry said, taking his seat adjacent to her. This was a poker table, and Harry was particularly good at pretending to be mediocre at poker. The game required more psychology, the one thing Harry was good at. 
“Harry. Thought I’d find you around here somewhere. Heard you were in here last night racking up a particularly impressive run at the blackjack table.”
“I was following a lead. Which, speaking of that. Jennifer, I have here the most exquisite necktie a girl can own.” Harry untied it from his wrist and folded it in corners. Jennifer’s eyes lit up.
“I didn’t think you’d actually follow through.” Her voice was falsely incredulous.
“Have I ever let you down, darling?”
“Not in recent memory.” She dealt him a hand of cards. 
“Hey, stop flirting with the dealer.” A gruff older man shouted from the other end of the table.
“Sorry, you probably weren’t her type. It happens.” Harry shrugged and looked at his cards. Angrier people played worse. He heard a grunt from the man. Allison gave Harry a glare.
“Was that necessary?”
“He’s easy to read.” Harry placed a bet. Jennifer gave him a sympathetic look. 
“We can talk after my shift ends, before your show. I’ll meet you backstage.”
“Of course.” Harry gave her a wink and returned to his cards. “And what about you Allison? I assume you’ve found something interesting, if you’ve come all the way into the casino to find me.”
“Don’t mistake my failure today as commonplace. I hit the tables once a week.” She threw down some chips. “Found some information on your wife.” 
“Ah. Yes I remember her. She had this gorgeous little nose crinkle she’d do when he was being annoying.” Both Allison and Jennifer looked at Harry funny. 
“You… remember?” Allison eventually asked.
“Yeah, why wouldn’t I?”
“Two days ago you couldn’t even remember if she existed or not. When you were told she had been murdered you were unconcerned, because you didn’t even know if she was real.”
“I… don’t remember that.” Harry started to shuffle through his memory. He remembered meeting Joey. He had said something about his wife… but he couldn’t remember what it was. It must have been this. 
“Harry, do you know your wife is dead?” Allison asked. She picked up a cigarette off the table and lit it. 
“Is she? I thought…” Hadn’t he just seen her, at the bar? She was getting him a drink. He looked around looking for the bar. It wasn’t where he thought it would be, he must have sat down at the opposite end of the table as he was used to. 
“Harry do you even know who I am?”
“Yeah, Sergeant Allison Hayes, you were looking into…” His wife’s murder. The five of diamonds. His mind reworked itself to prioritize the more recent information. Joey had said she was killed about three weeks back now. It must be true. “She is dead, isn’t she?”
“Yes.” Allison nodded. He wished he could tell her that it wasn’t an act. That he was genuinely lost and confused. But it wouldn’t do any good, it would be just as unbelievable. “I found the case file.” She reached into her bag and removed a folder. Lots of folders seemed to be changing hands in recent days. Allison was about to slide it across the table when she caught Jennifer’s eye and thought better of it. She instead placed it on her lap. 
“Well. This is both good and bad news then.” He was not doing very well at poker that night either. This whole sequence left him a little distracted. He played another half a dozen hands before eventually cashing out and heading back to his favourite bench. Allison joined him not too long after, having cashed out a while back and spent the night nursing a soda water at the bar top. Harry felt the folder hit his lap.
“This is it?” It was much lighter than he had assumed. It felt like there were only two or three pages inside. 
“We didn’t have much to go on. It’s a cold case already.” Allison sighed and removed a cigar case from her pocket. Half smoked. “I didn’t really believe there was any merit to your story after the other day. Sounded all a little too far-fetched for me.  But I pulled aside a few of my detectives, found this case. Died pretty early into the investigation.” 
Harry opened the file. There was a picture of a corpse there, admittedly Harry did not expect to be so immediately confronted with his own mortality. He looked away pretty quickly, but not quickly enough. This wasn’t the girl he had been seeing. She didn’t look anything like his wife.
“This isn’t my wife.”
“You made the identification. It’s there in the file.” Harry read the front page of the report. She was right, he had made the identification.
“I don’t remember.” He looked around. Thinking. “Someone erased most of my memories of the Syndicate. Joey was all I had left. That and fragments of the command structure. If they could do that they could erase almost anything. Joey said the Syndicate was more than 5 years of my life. That’s a lot of time to erase. And they only erased that, I remember everything else about those 5 years.”
“You remember when I attended your show. That alone is impressive enough.” Allison had decided to light the cigar. “I’d like to arrest you. Joey gave us enough, and with your ten of spades I could put you away for a dozen murders at least.” Harry nodded. It was fair. He closed the file and placed his two hands next to each other on top. 
“You would close a lot of files.” He said. He pushed his hands forward towards Allison, who looked at them and let a puff of smoke escape her lips. She sighed.
“Fuck me. Look Harry, let’s cut a deal. You help me bring down the Syndicate, I’ll see what I can do with regards to your personal sentence.”
“If it comes to it, will you help me find who did… this…” Harry gestured wildly towards his head, “To me?”
“If it’s necessary to close the case. In return for your help, I’ll hold off on arresting you until the Syndicate is no more. But answer me one question, first.” Harry pondered for a moment. He nodded. “I have on record 12 murders where we found a ten of spades. That’s 12 murders with your calling card. How many did you actually commit?”
“Hm.” Harry let out a disgruntled shrug. “Probably more than 12. Maybe if I regain my memory I can help more. But that too is out of scope.” He was trying desperately to search his mind. 
“Fine. Let’s get one more thing straight. I don’t really like you Harry. You’re a murderer who lies about being a psychic for profit. But that doesn’t mean I’m unsympathetic to your plight. If you say this isn’t who you remember being your wife, fine. I’ll believe you. But I trust you about as far as I can throw you.”
“That’s…  a very accurate assessment of my character.” Harry pocketed his hands once more. “Jennifer was looking into the five of diamonds. Following the lead the four gave me, that he worked in a casino but got fired.”
“I’ll be coming to your show tonight. I expect she’ll follow through on meeting you backstage?”
