“Jessica is trustworthy. She knows where my changing room is, she’ll be there. But you can’t be. She has a deal with me, and I have a deal with you, but the two of you have no deal with each other.”
“Why wouldn’t she come if I was there?”
“Some of the methods she may have used to acquire her information might be… less than legal.” Harry patted the folder. “What was my wife’s name?”
“Julie Flynn. That’s what the DMV said.” Allison was taking slow puffs from her cigar. 
“Good name.” It did not spark any memories in Harry’s head. He did not think it would, but had to admit to himself that he was blindly hoping that it would. “No memories attached to it though.” He handed the folder to Allison. “I’ll see you tonight. After the show, in my dressing room. Ask the stagehand where it is, tell them Harry sent you. It usually works.” Harry was just getting himself out of the chair when he stopped and turned to Allison. “Oh, and bring a bowtie.”
“A bowtie? Do I look like someone who would own a bowtie?”
“No, but I don’t own one either, and I need one. So bring it with you to the show.” Harry walked off down the street. 

Jessica arrived half an hour earlier than she normally did, which was an hour before the show was to begin. Harry had nowhere to be anyway so he was hanging out in his changing room. She appeared, still dressed in her dealer outfit, and barged through the door. 
“Security didn’t do anything, I’m gonna need to find a new crew.”
“No, they just know who I am.” She leaned forward and gave Harry a kiss. “That’s for the silk necktie.” Then she slapped him. “That’s for not telling me you had a wife.”
“I didn’t know I had a wife until three days ago, and I didn’t know she was dead until a day later. How would I have been able to tell you?” Jessica sighed. 
“I don’t believe you, really, but I did look up this list for you.” She said. “And I suppose I can look over it for now.” 
“I do appreciate this. More than I think I can explain right now.” The list was hastily scrawled across Mirage branded stationary. Harry had always had a difficult time reading Jessica’s handwriting, but was making an unusually valiant effort this time through. 
“I’ll help you out here.” She saw his struggle, as usual, and took the list back. “Lots of people are getting fired or let go right now. With Treasure Island opening soon people are worried that the mega hotels are going to make casinos less profitable. More casinos, less profit per casino. So they’ve started to skim off the top. They’re not the brightest bunch.” Harry looked briefly confused. “Bigger hotels means more customers.” He nodded. “I removed anyone from the list who was skimming, you said that your ‘friend’ was working as a theatre manager, so I figured they were pretty smart. If they were skimming they wouldn’t have gotten caught.”
“A mostly accurate assessment. Might have been unfounded but what did you turn up anyway?”
“No theatre managers.” She saw Harry about to say something and put a finger up to stop him. “But I did find a couple people working as bar managers. Kind of the same idea.” She flipped to the second page of the list and handed it to Harry. He scanned the list before stopping on a name near the bottom attached to a generic bar name. 
“That one. That’s the guy.”
“How do you know?”
“Just a hunch. Something about it feels familiar.” Dominic Johnson. Harry couldn’t place the name but felt in his bones like the name was familiar from his Syndicate days. 
“Is that how you make all your decisions now? On hunches?”
“Well that’s why I decided to sit at your table a week ago rather than any other one.” That was a blatant lie. She was the easiest dealer to read, her shuffling had a tell. Not that he would ever admit that to her, he made more money at her table than any other and he wasn’t about to close that money flow just yet. 

Banging. At the door. Harry was groggy. The show had gone off without a hitch but Harry had entered a mind space while doing it. It wasn’t his best show, but the audience would not have known he was on auto pilot. He must have passed out in his room when he got back. The clock on the wall seemed to indicate that it wasn’t any more than 5 minutes, but his brain was still in a sleepy fog. The door eventually flung open.
“What the hell Harry, I’ve been banging on the door for 5 minutes.”
“I must have fallen asleep.” Harry felt his temple and winced. Blood. “Or I hit my head.”
“Or someone hit your head. Jesus Christ. She reached into her pocket and pulled out a roll of medical tape. “After our incident with Joey I thought carrying this might be prudent when I’m with you. You tend to attract disaster.” 
“Look, I know that often I don’t know what happened in a metaphorical sense, but this time I literally do not know what happened.” He shook his head. “My bow tie?” He pointed at a red silk… something that was hanging out of Allison’s coat pocket. “I didn’t actually need one, just wanted to see if you’d bring it.”
“You bastard.” She shoved it back in her pocket.
“No, no, this is good. I can use it tomorrow, it’s giving me an idea.” He grabbed at the fragment that remained showing and pulled it out. “We’re going to a bar, let’s say 10 am. Meet me there, dress fancy, bring your badge. Not your gun.”
“Would you like to tell me what we’re doing there?”
“Five of diamonds is there. Runs the bar, should be in that early.”
“That’s not really what I meant.”
“It’s better you didn’t know what I was planning. Trust me on that.” Harry said. “Thanks, by the way.” He gestured abstractly in the direction of his forehead. “I’m gonna lie down now.” Darkness enveloped him once more. 

Harry, not really having much to do in the mornings when he wasn’t performing, was at the bar by 9. He sat on a bench facing the bar and pulled a book out of his pocket to read while he waited. His clothes itched and he had spent an hour learning how to tie the bow tie, but he looked alright. Good enough for his plan, anyway. Allison arrived in the unmarked police car the two had used earlier in the week, and he watched her circle the block while looking for a parking space near his bench. She approached.
“Harry.”
“You look good. Like the pantsuit. Badge?”
“In my pocket.” She tapped her right pocket.
“Mind if I borrow it?”
“What?”
“It’s necessary for the plan.” He sighed. “I’ll trade you this book for it.” He was holding a copy of Dune, well-worn and quite tattered. 
“Do I want to ask? Impersonating an officer is a felony.”
“You’re going to arrest me anyway; murder is a life sentence to begin with.” She shook her head. 
“You give it back once we’re done.”
“I only need it for five minutes. Any more and the plan isn’t working.” He met her reluctance with his own. The badge felt hot in his hands, like it was trying to burn a hole through his palm. It mesmerized him, turning around like a clock, ticking through the seconds to his doom. Now it started to feel heavy, like tungsten, and he quickly shoved it into his pocket out of sight before it could do any more damage to his mind. He saw Allison looking at him curiously. “Just an event. Triggered by the badge no doubt. Another trigger. Shall we?” He pointed towards the Stray Cat Bar.

The inside was… gaudy. Nothing sleek about it, almost utilitarian in its deference to cat décor. Harry had a hard time believing anyone would drink at this bar, but that was kind of the point. Easier to launder money if you pretend lots of people are drinking there when they’re not. He wondered how many people came through here on a good night, even tonight it was only a Tuesday and he be shocked if even three people came through. Maybe the drinks were cheaper here. 
The front door was unlocked and as he went for the door handle Harry could see Dominic sitting at a table mid-restaurant checking some papers strewn across the table. Tax forms, no doubt, and if the two of them were fast they might catch him in the act of fudging something the IRS wouldn’t catch before he died. 
“Dominic, right?” Harry said. The man was startled and turned to greet his new gusts.
“That’s me. Do I know you?”
“No, no, my name is Harry Flynn, I was just walking by outside when I sensed that something was on your mind.” He took a glance at the paperwork on the table. The math didn’t add up. “Money troubles?”
“Maybe.”
“Well my cousin and I have just flown into town. We’re entrepreneurs of a sort, looking to get started here in Vegas. This bar looks like it’s in prime location and we were wondering if you’d be willing to sell,”
“I have a lot of money in this bar, I don’t think you could afford it.” Dominic was still seated for the conversation, but lifted himself from the seat now so that he could better face the duo. 
“A lot of money. Tell me, your sister died here, didn’t she? I’m getting a strong presence from her.” Picture above the bartop, Dominic with a girl. No ring, and his hand was on her shoulder not her waist. He was a lady’s man, it had to be his sister. Dominic looked at Harry. He cracked his jaw.
“Yes. How did you know?”
“I told you. I get a strong presence. I’m sensing some… unresolved animosity between the two of you. You keep the bar because it makes you feel closer to her?”
“It wasn’t a bar when she died here.”
“No, you got fired from your other job and started to fix this place up. It’s hideous by the way. I hate the décor.”
“Most people do. I don’t care. She would have liked it.”
“I thought you hated your sister.”
“I do. I did. But she would have found it funny.”
“That’s a lie, Dominic, you and I both know it. You really keep the bar because you have to keep up your monthly laundering minimum for the Syndicate or they’ll put you in the ground with her, right?” Picture of the sister next to the cash register. She was holding a playing card. Five of Diamonds. Signature below the picture “For my best friend, with love, your queen.” Dominic simply looked at Harry. 
“I think you should leave.”
“Can’t. Police. Cold case unit.” Harry flashed Allison’s badge, just long enough for Dominic to process but short enough that he didn’t see it himself. Too dangerous. He was in the zone right now. 
“Fuck.” Dominic took a seat again. 
“What are you afraid of Dominic? Look we know you fronted the money for the murder of Julia Flynn, we just wanna know who gave you the order to do so.”
“If you know anything about the Syndicate you know I can’t tell you that.” He paused. “How did you find me?”
“You got arrogant Dominic. Never seen a diamond leave a calling card but you had to be the first, didn’t you? That really was quite stupid.” Harry let out a nasal laugh. “Your sister used to be the five of diamonds didn’t she?” He was returning to the picture next to the cashier. It bothered him.  
