Dominic followed his eye line to the bar and caught a glimpse of the photo Harry was eying. He shrugged and turned back to Harry. There was some consideration on his face, an unspoken kind of wonder about Harry’s deduction skill mixed with trepidation. He knew he had fucked up by leaving his calling card. It had lead the path straight to here. But whether or not the path Harry and Allison were on would continue lay with him, and he knew it. 
“She was. Once. She was damn good at it too. Probably would’ve been the King herself if she had kept at it.” Harry saw an opening.
“What happened to her?”
“Killed. Random drive-by, pretty much unavoidable. Well, if she had been anywhere else at any other time she would have been fine, but that moment there, on that street corner…” Dominic pointed out the window at the corner. “That was the wrong one.”
“How’d you get the job?”
“I was the ace at first. But I had big ideas. Sis was helping me. Then she died, King asked if I wanted to take over her position at the casino. I did, for a while. I wasn’t as good at it as she was, but I did my best.” There was a hint of pride in his voice. 
“You got fired. You skimmed some for yourself, didn’t you?”
“Yes.”
“Sister’s funeral?” A third picture had suddenly come into focus in Harry’s mind. It was a picture of a church, Dominic stood outside, alone, dressed all in black. The image had no context until now, but it filled in a puzzle piece that Harry had pried loose. 
“I needed to pay for it somehow. She deserved better than what she got. King was upset, but he understood. Gave me a deal. If I could launder twice as much for 6 months, he wouldn’t put out the hit on me.” Harry looked confused so Allison interjected for a moment.
“Failure is treated with execution. By spades, usually.”
“King wasn’t joking around. He fired me but offered me the way out. I’ve been running this bar since and by the skin of my teeth I’ve kept my head in the game.” 
“Impressive given the lack of foot traffic in this location.” Harry vaguely pointed around the room. “Not that there would be anyone here at this time of day. Even on a Friday.” Dominic was about to respond. “Wait. You said he fired you. King owned the casino. Owns.” Harry saw a lightbulb go on above the bar. Then another, and another. They burned brighter and brighter, and Harry looked away for the moment, making an uncomfortable eye contact with Dominic. 
“I said nothing of the sort. You understand?” Dominic was not breaking the eye contact either. The two of them were staring at each other now. 
“Doesn’t matter. If anyone saw us come in, or sees us come out, then sees us with the King tomorrow, you’re dead anyway.”
“Maybe so. But this way I can genuinely say I didn’t say anything. Because I didn’t.” Harry nodded, but was losing the staring contest. The light from the bar was burning so bright now that it was flooding his vision from the side, and he winced. He wanted desperately to close his eyes and shut out the light, but to do so would be to admit defeat. 
“I’m sorry, but are the lights on your bar working alright?”
“They’re not even on.” Allison caught on to what was happening now. She sighed and punched Harry in the arm. The sudden jolt of pain startled him, sending the lights into a frenzy as they exploded in the periphery of Harry’s vision. He blinked a few times, the blinding light leaving shadows all over his corneas. They danced and whispered away, growing dimmer with every blink before Harry could see normally again. He glared at Allison, a silent glance that acknowledged that they were about to have a conversation once they left the bar, and it wasn’t going to go in her favor. 
“I think we have what we came for.” He gritted the phrase out. 
“Where did you work, out of curiosity?” 
“I’m sure whatever lead you here can lead you there. I’m going to second the motion that you need to leave now.” Allison shook her head and grabbed Harry by the arm, dragging him out of the bar. She was still dragging Harry as they crossed the street and he tried to free herself from her grasp.
“What the hell happened in there? Speak. Now.”
“I played a part, everything I said I was pulling from information that was readily available to you as well. That’s how mentalism works, Allison. It’s my whole act.”
“Not that. At the end. The masculine bullshit staring contest.” Harry sighed.
“I’m comfortable enough in my masculinity to know that I would win on a normal day. That was no assertion of dominance though it may have seemed that way. I was hallucinating again. Bar lights went brighter and brighter, eventually blurring out my whole vision. When you punched me I thought it might take me out of it at first. Seems most of my hallucinations are triggered by excitement? Optimism? Most of them are triggered in high dopamine environments; when we’re about to make a break or I’m about to have a performance. I thought for a second the pain would break me of it but instead it intensified it. The lightbulbs blew after you punched me and I was temporarily blinded. I shouldn’t have been able to be blinded by a figment of my imagination but here we are.”
“You’re a fucking liability Harry. Give me my badge back.” She had her arm outstretched.
“Sure.” He chucked it into her hand and started to walk away. 
“Where do you think you’re going?”
“To investigate our next lead, Allison. Dominic worked at Excalibur, I need an employee list.”
“Stop, stop, I have more questions.” Harry sighed. He had no leverage in this situation, Allison had as much information as he did, plus more.
“Fine, what?”
“How did you know Dominic would be the one? You had a whole list of suspects for the five of diamonds. Why him?”
“His name seemed familiar – I didn’t show you a list, how did you know that?”
“Irrelevant.” Harry had a thought.
“I think I knew his sister was dead.”
“Sure, we both saw the funeral picture inside.”
“No, before today. I must have recognized his name from there. I don’t know, Allison if I remembered everything about the Syndicate I’d know who did this to me and whether or not I actually had a god damn wife but instead you and I are piecing this together from the bottom up.” Harry shook his head. “Can you get a list of Excalibur employees, or should I go through my usual channels?”
“If you mean Jessica, forget it. I can get it legit, and maybe get some of this investigation on the books so that when I arrest these damn suspects, we might be able to actually put them away for a while.” Allison shook her head in response to Harry’s. “I’ll get the list, I’ll meet you at the Mirage tonight, before your show. Is that fair?”
“It’s worthless. Take the list, meet me at Excalibur tomorrow. We’re going to go there anyway, I might as well see the list when we get there.”
“What do you even need the list for? We know the King of Diamonds owned the place.”
“We don’t know that. We know he had the ability to fire Dominic, he might be a middle manager.”
“I doubt that.”
“I do too, but if he is the owner we need a cover identity to talk to him and pretending to be an employee of his is the easiest thing I can think of.” Harry could see Allison’s reluctance to admit that he was correct. 
“I’ll need this one to be on the books. How about this, you meet me at the station, we get everything in writing, and we go in. If you want me to be able to take down the people who did this to you, I need something that can stick in court.” It was Harry’s turn to reluctantly admit his involuntary companion’s truth.
“We can call it a deal if you promise that this means we find the King tomorrow and no later. I may not know how much time I have left, but I know that it is a time crunch.” He put his hand out as a sign of truce. Allison accepted.
“Deal.”

Harry had been reluctant to agree to anything in the police station. Putting his name onto any forms made him a target, and Allison was certain they had a Syndicate mole somewhere in the system. In deference to his worries, she had agreed to keep all files related to their investigation in her desk with a tight chain of evidence. He did have to admit that going to the station was a good move, however, when Allison produced an authentic Excalibur employee uniform from the evidence locker.
“Caught it off an extortionist a month back. Been locked up ever since, don’t think it’s going to be missed for 24 hours. Looks like it’ll fit you.”
“Much appreciated.” He was doing a bad job of hiding his admiration. Before long he was suited up and positioned outside the Excalibur gaming area. He was shaking his head. “I don’t think it’s going to work.”
“You can’t panic now.” Harry was wearing a wire. The King of Diamonds did not necessarily have the power to kill him, should things go wrong, but a tiger when cornered would do all manner of unpredictable things. Allison had turned up an employment contract in her search for an employee list, and it appeared that at-will employment was a right reserved only for the owner of the resort: Andrew Jayston. It made sense, Allison explained. If the diamond branch worked like the others, then your rank and by extension your card value were linked to how well you could perform your job, in this case, laundering and fraud. Owning a casino would provide access to a high enough volume of cash to do almost anything. Harry had to agree, he had no other explanation. Which is why he was now panicking about taking a false identity (as Harold Freeman, a surprisingly close match for his own name) and operating a roulette wheel for a few hours.
“Just go in there, run the roulette wheel for a while. Your direct manager owes me a favor, he’ll see that everything goes well. Andrew will see you on the monitors and that will confirm you’re his employee. Then just demand your way up until you meet him.”
“You make it sound very simple.”
“Dominic was arrogant, so was Joey. It runs in the branch, financial crime is hard to track and harder to prove. He won’t refuse seeing you if he thinks he has nothing to lose.” Allison was trying very hard to convince Harry that this was a good idea and it was only barely working. “Harry, we need to know what he knows. This is our first access to the High Table.” The name sparked a memory in Harry. It was the ruling body of the Syndicate. All four Kings met in secret, even from the rest of the Syndicate, to make their decisions. It was true, Andrew would know more about the Syndicate than anyone that they had talked to so far. 
“Fine. Fine.”
“Good. Take this.” She handed him a pen. He looked at it curiously. “Just take it. It’s a fountain pen. If things get rough and he’s got you in a chokehold spray it in his eye.”
“That’s dumb as shit. Sorry.”
“I can’t give you mace, you’re a wanted criminal.” God damn she was annoying.  
