“Fine.” He took the pen from her and nodded. “Here’s to us I guess.” Harry made his way to the employee entrance near the front door and threw the door open.

Harry actually had to work most of the shift before a customer at the roulette wheel got unruly enough for Harry to start an argument. He was throwing some creative insults at the customer, and eventually escalated the argument to a shouting match between the two. Some nearby spectators started to move off, and Harry only hoped that the cameras above would capture the intensity of the argument. Allison’s manager friend finally made his way over to break it up and pull Harry off the casino floor to “cool down”. 
Once there he started to complain about the working conditions, to pretty much anyone who would listen. He only needed one important person to notice, namely the manager’s boss, with the hope that they would report him further up the scale. Allison had constructed most of this part of the plan, and Harry found it quite frankly to be a bit sloppy. There was almost no way that this would work. Surely Allison could just flash her badge to someone and get them into Andrew’s office… Harry looked up at a man who was calling his name. 
“Yeah?”
“Boss wants to see you.”
“Boss?”
“Yeah. The big boss. Top of the line. Not pleased with your conduct.” Harry shrugged his eyebrows. Wow. He followed the man out of the room and down the hallway, towards an employee elevator. He got in, and the employee reached in, pushed the button for the penthouse, and slipped his hand out of the elevator. 
“Good luck up there.”
“Thanks.” Harry said through the rapidly closing elevator door. Wasn’t anything he could do about it now anyway. He just felt bad for whoever would have to listen to the tape of his diatribe on the casino floor. 

The door of the elevator opened, and Harry walked into a medieval banquet hall, illuminated by only flame lit torches. He looked around and saw a bevy of discard plates strewn across the table, legs of indeterminate meat adorning a few of the plates. Was this real? Harry looked down at his hands and saw that he was adorned in an ornate set of plate armor. He couldn’t feel anything on his hands, but once he looked it felt like his hands went cold as if pressed against the cool steel that he was looking at. That couldn’t be correct, he was wearing an employee uniform when he entered the elevator. And he didn’t change, and even if he did there was no way he would have willingly chosen his current outfit.
“Harold.” A booming voice from the other end of the banquet hall. “Or should I say Harry?” Harry’s vision was currently obscured by a candlestick in the middle of the banquet table, so he circled around it to see who was talking.
At the end of the hall, in precisely the exact type of throne he would have expected, Harry saw Andrew Jayston, a crown placed delicately upon his head. He was wearing red velvet robes that stretched down to his ankles. In his left hand was a goblet, just nearly overflowing with wine. Harry watched as Jayston took a drink from the goblet before placing it down on the arm rest of the throne. 
“I know you are. Who you really are. That was quite a performance you gave down there, but strictly unnecessary.” Harry was circling the table to approach Jayson’s end of the banquet hall. He suddenly felt quite heavy on his left side, and placed his hand on what appeared to be the hilt of a sword. How bizarre this all was. 
“Is this real?”
“What? You and me here, in my office? Of course.” Andrew looked perplexed for a moment. “Ah. I know what they did to you.”
“I don’t believe you. You have the least power of the four kings. You couldn’t possibly have had any influence.”
“Perhaps not directly. I did help write our by-laws though.” Jayson’s left hand was making his way to his own hilt, which Harry had only just noticed. Surely that wasn’t there before? The King of Diamonds drew his sword and stood, revealing a recurring diamond motif down the length of the robe. He held the sword at his side and watched as Harry fumbled with a bench. 
“What did they do to me?”
“They wiped your mind of course. We always put psychic locks in to prevent the memories from resurfacing but it seems something has cracked the lock.” Jayston descended the staircase in front of him to face Harry, his sword still at his side. Harry frantically tried to draw his own sword, but when he did so he watched as it turned to rose petals and flew away towards a window at the other end of the hall. He grasped futilely towards where the sword once lay in his hand, but he met with nothing but air. 
“You are the King then.”
“Of course. Didn’t think you’d get this far when I saw you talking with the two. Quite frankly I thought you were going to lose it right then and there so I’m a bit impressed you’ve  managed to hold it together.” The King drew his own sword and took a swing at Harry’s head. He flinched when he expected it to impact, but Jayston had stopped, the knife’s edge just barely kissing his neck. Harry turned just enough to see the sword in his full vision. There was a laugh as the sword blinked and turned into a dozen doves. Harry stumbled back and covered his face as the doves shot off in all directions, most of them trying to seek a door or a window to get out. 
Harry’s legs lost their footing as he stumbled and he fell back on the floor. He saw that he had tripped over a chair. Not a bench like he expected in the banquet hall, but a velvet backed armchair. It was now present in the hall, between himself and Andrew. Harry grabbed at it and hoisted himself into it, feeling firm in its construction. His armor clanged as he took a seat, and yet his butt felt the soft cushion of the seat as he settled in. 
“Are you going to kill me?” Harry asked.
“No. More powerful people than me have expressly forbid it. They still have plans for you.” The rest of the High Table. Someone else had it out for Harry, inadvertently the King of Diamonds had just proven his innocence in the matter. The room started to move, the tables were moving towards the walls and Harry was being moved towards the center. Jayston was seated once more in his throne, and Harry’s chair moved opposite him. He was on the other end of the room, the center now cleared. 
“What are you going to do to me?”
“Nothing. I have no quarrel with you.”
“Unfortunately, I have a quarrel with you.” Harry was trying to regain the upper hand in the conversation, not very successfully. Blink. The two were suddenly face to face in the center of the room. Harry started to circle Andrew, and he mirrored the motion. Andrew went for a punch and Harry parried with his opposite arm. Andrew countered with his knee but Harry blocked and took a step back to put some space between the two of them. His armor had vanished and he was dressed once more in the employee outfit. Andrew was in a suit now, clean and newly pressed. 
The two started to trade blows, back and forth. Harry parried more often than countering, but when he landed his punches, they hit hard. Andrew took a step back when Harry hit him particularly hard in the lower diaphragm. Back and forth, back and forth, up, down, shuffle step left, block left, punch right, lower hook, turn, smack to the back of the head. Andrew fell forward and hit his head on something and Harry saw the corner of a room come into vision, the banquet hall starting to fade away. Andrew went for a punch from the floor, but Harry dodged and kneed him in the chin. He fell back, motionless, as the banquet hall faded to reveal Andrew’s office. 
“What the fuck is going on?” Harry yelled, at nothing and no one in particular. 

Allison joined Harry in the office not too long after his fight. She had been listening to the wire he was wearing, and after Jayston was out Harry had let her know she should come up. She handcuffed Andrew’s hands behind his back and the two started to search his office. She preemptively chucked a search warrant at Jayston and it fluttered down to land on his chest. He was still knocked out but that would keep him silent for a while. 
“Andrew has to have a way to contact his subordinates. Kings are the only members of the Syndicate who know any of the other members by name. That’s why they almost never take jobs themselves.” Allison was explaining while she searched Andrew’s desk. Harry had known this at some point but was appreciative for Allison to fill in the gaps in his memory. Andrew groggily woke up in the corner and let out a half hearted complaint. 
“Looks like he’s awake.” Harry saw Andrew let out a groan.
“You’re looking for my list of diamonds.”
“We are, and I would bet I can find it.” He followed Andrew’s eyes. He walked towards a shelf.
“I doubt that. You were a good operative Harry but even the King of Spades had their doubts as to your loyalty.”
“Then it’s a good thing I can’t remember any of that.” He placed his hand on a deck of cards buried among a pile of identical decks. “Really Andrew?” There was an almost imperceptible look of panic in his eyes. Harry opened the box and pulled the deck out. He threw it into the air and grabbed at a card that was a little too thick for the deck as the cards showered Jayston in the corner. Harry gnawed at the corner of the card with his fingernail and peeled off a sticker. It had what looked to contain the corner of a larger document of information. Harry grabbed another card at random and peeled that sticker off too. Here was a completely disparate portion of information. 
“Not only is this the most inefficient method of information storage, it’s going to take us days to reassemble all these decks into their constituent files.” Allison lamented. She took the cards from Harry. “Suppose I should thank you for finding it in the first place though.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Harry was still distracted by the hallucination he had had earlier. It didn’t track. He was certain he only hallucinated in high dopamine environments, right before making breaks in the case. But he was far and beyond not in a happy state when he was confronting Andrew Jayston earlier. In fact he was quite scared, if he was honest with himself. It didn’t fit the pattern and that bothered him. He was snapped out of his stupor by Allison snapping her fingers at him.
“Harry. Harry, what’s our next step? We’ve taken down the King of Diamonds”—this was met with a muffled cry of resistance from their unwitting victim— “And I’m sure in here we’ll find a list of subordinates. What do we do next?”
“Move on to the next branch. Jayston mentioned that he had nothing to do with what happened to me. My answers and your investigation lie elsewhere.”
“Then who do we target next?”
“Whichever branch we get a lead on first.” Harry shook his head and strode to leave the office. He couldn’t stand the sight of the room anymore. 
