Part 1: The King of Diamonds
“I’m going to need a volunteer. Anyone will do, just raise your hands if you want to participate.” Harry scanned the crowd. It was a lively night, busier than usual. He could just barely see the back of the theatre. “Actually can we put the house lights up for a second, James can you do that for me?” He could not see it, but he knew James in the booth was giving him a silent nod. That or the middle finger, and quite frankly he didn’t care which. 
With the lights on Harry was able to see all the way to the back of the theatre, and if he squinted and caught the light at the right angle, even up to the top balcony row. He wouldn’t pick anyone from there, too far to walk, but he had to give them the illusion of choice anyway. That was the point of the show, to fulfill his guest’s illusions and wildest desires. So even those with the $5 tickets and the snacks they had bought with the last of their paychecks, the rest burned away on the casino floor, had to have a show to remember. And most importantly, a show to recommend to the rest of the casino in the morning.
Harry’s eyes refocused on the proscenium seats, and he scanned nonchalantly up each of the two aisleways. It would be easier to pick someone from there, less awkward for everyone on the inside of the row. He eventually settled on someone, 5 rows in front of the middle walkway, three seats from the aisle that lead down to the orchestra pit. They had their hand earnestly waving in the air, but that wasn’t why Harry had picked them. They seemed in some way familiar, but the shadows of the balcony and the frenetic energy of the theatre was obscuring his memory. 
“How about you right there, seat… B17.” Harry threw out the number. It was impressive to the audience that he memorized the seating plan, but in reality he just looked over it each night before the show. It was quite easy to remember, if all you had to do was remember it for an hour. One night he might actually remember it for longer. The person cheered and shuffled into the aisleway and approached the stage.
“I’m getting quite a strong aura from you, I can sense you have quite an enthusiastic mind.” The volunteer nodded, and the crowd applauded. Harry recognized a few of the people she ran past on her way to the stage, regulars from the last week or month or 6 months. Some people got here and never left. She bounded up the stage stairs and approached Harry, center stage, as the house lights dimmed once more. For extra suspense James dimmed the stage lights until Harry and his chosen volunteer were now standing alone in a single spotlight, illuminated by a hapless intern who was paid just enough to live on and too little to gamble away. Harry invited the volunteer to take the seat he had already prepared on stage there.
“Now hypnosis is quite a difficult task to perform, you understand, and so you must be a complete willing participant. Are you willing to agree?”
“Of course.” The crowd roared in approval.
“When you’re under I’m going to ask you to reveal something about yourself, something you may not want revealed on a stage such as this one. If your mind is strong you may resist, but be warned, I rarely ever fail. Do you accept the risks?”
“I do.” Harry nodded. He was circling his chosen victim as he spoke, a microphone gripped quite firmly in his left hand. He stopped just behind them, finally recognizing something.
“You look like my wife.” No. Not correct. “My ex-wife.” Still didn’t feel right. “My previous wife?” The volunteer looked at him confusedly. They were watching him sound out the right phrase in real time, and Harry recognized he was talking aloud.  “You look like my wife.” He committed to one delivery.
“I do?” Confusion rushed from the stage across the audience. Harry cocked his head and blinked. The volunteer’s face was blurry, like it was just out of focus. 
“Yes. Brown hair. 5 foot 6. Gorgeous smile. Crinkle your nose in a cute way when I say something weird, like right about now…” His voice trailed off, and he completed his circle around the chair. His back was facing the audience – a cardinal sin in show business – but he needed to figure this out. 
“I’m blonde.” Harry blinked. They were blonde. Their hair was brunette a second ago. He could have sworn it. “And I’m a man.”
This was harder for Harry to see. He moved his head as if stretching out his neck, craning it to and fro. His vision was fine. The microphone in his hand, for example, was in perfect focus. And his hands looked normal. So what was happening with their face? 
“James can you cut the lights for a second.” Harry whispered into the mic. He obliged, and then turned the lights back on. The face snapped into focus, a man, blonde, 6 foot 2, burly. Shit. Harry thought quickly. 
“A wonderful trick of the light, I apologize. It seems I was getting a little ahead of what I was going to have you do when you were under.” Harry punctuated the statement with a laugh and a flourish as he turned to the audience. It was met with gleeful, if a bit confused, applause. He reached into his pocked and produced a pocket watch. The watch glinted in the spotlight and shot beams of golden light out into the audience to whoever was lucky enough to catch sight of it directly. “And now, are you ready to begin?”
“I guess.” He was losing his volunteer. 
“Begin by telling me your name.”
“Frederick Hampton.”
“Frederick Hampton, I sense some discomfort. Your… mother was skeptical of psychics, was she not?” The man’s face went flushed and his mind probably blank, forgetting the spectacle of the moment before.
“How did…”
“Psychics know these things Frederick.” He replied. It had been a guess. Frederick was carrying a pink handkerchief, indicating a female relation of some sort. It didn’t match his outfit but was a dress code requirement for the casino. It couldn’t belong to a wife, no ring on the finger. Lover perhaps, but his shirt was pressed too nicely. It was pressed that morning. Lovers didn’t come to Vegas to press shirts. But families did. 
“Now, in order to begin I will need absolute silence in the theatre. Silence, everybody understand?” The smattering of  “shush” and “shhh” across the audience confirmed that they did. “Good. Now Frederick, I need you to take a look at this watch. It’s completely normal, nothing special about it. Can you hear it tick?”
“Yes.”
“Good. Focus on that ticking, and listen to my voice.” Harry started to swing the watch gently, one side to the other. It was, quite honestly, the slowest way to hypnotize someone. It also happened to be the most impressive to an audience. “Watch the watch as it glides back and forth. Back, and forth. See that?” Harry changed the cadence of the sway to just match that of the ticking. 
Tick as the watch went to the left, tock as the watch went to the right. Back and forth, left to right. Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. 
“Frederick listen to my voice. As the watch continues to sway you will slowly begin to look in upon yourself.  Let your mind empty of all thoughts except for the peace and calm of the watch. As it goes back and forth. One way to the other. This way… and that way… As the ticking continues you will fall into a deep trance and you will continue to listen to my voice.” Harry had slowed his speech to match the watch. He watched as Frederick’s eyes started to disappear into themselves before going blank completely. Perfection. And in less than thirty seconds, almost a personal record. 
“That’s good Frederick, keep going like that.” Frederick’s eye lids closed and his head started to slump forward a little. Harry stopped swinging the watch, there was no need now that his eyes were closed. But he did move the watch near Frederick’s ear, just close enough that he could still hear the ticking. “Frederick you’re now in a deep trance. Everything is perfectly ok. Now I want you to listen very closely.”
Harry stopped for a second. He always tried to pick a secret he thought would be juicy enough for the audience to enjoy without being crass. Nothing that could ruin someone’s life. Hypnosis wasn’t admissible in court, but he didn’t want anyone admitting to murder on his stage. On top of that he needed to pick something the volunteer would actually have a chance of having an answer to. Ah, he had a good one for poor Frederick.
“Frederick, I’m going to snap my fingers quite soon, and when I do I have a request. Nod if you can understand.” Frederick’s head lazily nodded up and down. Good. “When I snap my fingers a few things are going to happen. First you’re going to exit your trance, and to everyone who knows you, you will be absolutely normal. Second, I am going to ask you to tell us the name of you very first kiss. I will request details, how you know them, when you met them, how old you were. I want you to think now, dig deep to prepare everything. Nothing you can say must be false, you can and will tell only the truth. You will give this information willingly, with no protestations. Nod again if you understand.” Frederick nodded. Harry thought he saw a nod, at least. Everything was starting to go a little fuzzy again. Harry turned to the audience but saw that the theatre was empty. Only the orchestra remained.
“Gustave, will you give us something dramatic?” He nodded and began to play, but Harry heard no noise. He could only hear the ticking of his pocket watch, the pocket watch that he had left on the table beside Frederick, 5 feet behind him. The noise permeated his senses, blocking out everything else. Harry closed his eyes and took a deep breath, centering himself. The show had to go on. Tonight was pay night and a bad night meant no food. Not for the next week. What was happening, Harry could not say, but he allowed his mind to go blank and opened his eyes. The audience had returned, unusually invested in what was about to happen. They leaned forward. Harry could still not hear the music but he did see a smattering of bows pop up above the orchestra pit. They had to be playing. Harry returned to Frederick’s side and stood behind him.
“Frederick, are you ready?” He nodded lazily once again. “On the count of three, I will snap my fingers.”
“One.” The audience waited. A few of the audience was counting with Harry, anxiously awaiting what was about to happen, but Harry could only tell by their mouths moving. All he could hear was the watch.
“Two.” The gap between his words was getting longer, outside of his control. Like time was slowing. 
“Three.” More of the audience had joined in at this point. Harry stretched his hand in front of him, he looked at it funny and blinked a few times. His hand was barely moving, things were having difficulty processing in his brain. He watched his fingers come together before everything suddenly cracked back into normal speed. The snap reverberated through the theatre, breaking the semi-silence that Harry had been experiencing for the past 5 seconds. Frederick’s eyes opened, but Harry did not see. The shockwave of the snap had hit his eardrums before he saw anything, and his eyes rolled back into his head as he collapsed backwards onto the stage floor. 
